Andrew joined Philo as the company’s CEO in 2014. Before assuming the role of CEO, Andrew served on Philo’s board, mentored Philo’s co-founders, and was one of the company’s first investors. Prior to Philo, Andrew was on the founding team of Facebook, and the social design of products has been a persistent interest. After Facebook, Andrew was an Entrepreneur in Residence at two of Philo’s investors, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Flybridge Partners. He continues to be an active early-stage angel investor and advisor. Andrew holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and a Master’s Degree in Education from Harvard University.
President of NCSOFT, responsible for managing the organization and planning the company’s globalization strategy. NCSOFT is one of the most successful online game company globally, which started developing and servicing network based online multiplayer games in 1997. Her early work focused on MLNN in medical imaging applications. As a VP of Communication Intelligence at SK Telecom, Songyee lead its development and deployment of mobile communication platform for adaptive and personalized delivery of data services. She is a PhD recipient from MIT in Computational Neuroscience based on her research at the MIT Media Lab and a founding member of Micro Robot World Cup Soccer Tournament. She served on the Presidential Advisory Council for Science and Technology for the 16th president of South Korea and taught Media and Entertainment Business Strategy at Yonsei University in Seoul. She currently serves on the advisory board of Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada, Center for Asia Pacific Policy at RAND and MIT Corporation. As a chairperson of NCSOFT Culture Foundation, she actively engages herself in various philanthropic initiatives including sponsoring Special Olympics players, collaboration with UN Food Program and UNHCR. She has been recognized by various organizations for her leadership through the years including being named as a Young Global Leader by World Economic Forum, a Young Leader by Boao Forum of China and Wall Street Journal’s 50 Women to Watch.
Jean Ellen Cowgill is the General Manager of TicToc by Bloomberg, a global news network native to the digital, social world. She is also the Global Head of Strategy and Business Development for Bloomberg Digital, defining innovative initiatives and spearheading Bloomberg Media’s partnerships strategy. Under Jean Ellen’s leadership, TicToc is reimagining the news for the next generation of decision makers who are social, mobile, and digital consumers that engage with content while on the move. By being the signal in the noise in a highly cluttered space that is social media, TicToc creates a utility of information consumption with snackable global video news that is delivered natively in a digital first manner. Prior to joining Bloomberg, Jean Ellen was the president of Atlantic 57, the consulting and creative division of The Atlantic, where she helped clients transform and adapt for the modern world, using lessons from The Atlantic’s own transformation from print magazine to multi-platform pioneer. Previously, she led Atlantic Media’s corporate strategy efforts, crafting business models for new ventures and charting the company’s growth plans. Prior to joining The Atlantic, Jean Ellen was a consultant at McKinsey &amp; Company, where she focused on organizational and investment strategy across the private, public and non-profit sectors. In 2014, Jean Ellen was named to the Folio:100 list of the top 100 leaders in media. She speaks frequently on today’s media landscape and trends in branding, content, and user experience at forums such as SXSW, Techweek, General Assembly, and the Communications Network, among others. Jean Ellen graduated as valedictorian of Dartmouth College.
Merck Mercuriadis is CEO, Founder and managing partner of Hipgnosis Songs Ltd., an artist management firm, publisher and record label based in London and Los Angeles, and founder and CEO of Hipgnosis Songs Ltd., a publicly traded investment fund focused on acquiring and licensing song catalogs. Mercuriadis is also known as the former manager of several notable rock and pop bands and musicians including Guns N’ Roses, Iron Maiden, Elton John, Morrissey, Pet Shop Boys, Macy Gray, Mary J. Blige, Joss Stone, and Jane’s Addiction. From October 1986 to June 2007, as director and CEO of the Sanctuary Group PLC, a major management company, an independent record label, a merchandise company, and a booking agency, where he oversaw management of  Beyoncé, Nelly, Mick Fleetwood, Tommy Lee, The Who, and Robert Plant, among other notable artists. Prior to Sanctuary he was an A&amp;R and marketing director at Virgin Records where he started his career at the age of 19.
Mike Vorhaus, President, Magid Advisors founded the Magid Internet and New Media research and consultation practice in 1995, with AOL and Excite as his first two clients. Mike’s team has completed over 2,500 engagements with over 100 Internet clients. Mike began the Magid Gaming Practice in 2001 with EA and Sony Online as his first two clients. The Magid Game Practice now works with most of the major game publishers. Mike provides research and consulting services to a number of major traditional media companies in regard to their new media initiatives, as well as consulting a number of leading Internet and gaming companies. He has also provided advice to venture capital and private equity firms in regard to investments in the media space. Mike has been involved in strategic and tactical consulting, including the launch of new services and programming, as well as development and implementation of online and offline marketing programs. Mike has also been extensively involved in video and PC gaming strategies for a number of our companies, as well as the development of game concepts. Mike has consulted on a number of film projects such as You’ve Got Mail and The Matrix. He holds a B.S. in psychology and sociology from Wesleyan University and has worked as a fundraiser and transfer of technology officer at the California Institute of Technology and the University of California. Mike also worked for the U.S. House of Representatives, The U.S. Senate, and for two Administrations in the White House.
Among music legends, Nile Rodgers is truly exceptional. He amplifies his legacy as a multiple GRAMMY-winning composer, producer, arranger and guitarist by constantly traversing new musical terrain and successfully expanding the boundaries of popular music. As the co-founder of CHIC and the newly elected Chairman of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, Rodgers pioneered a musical language that generated chart-topping hits like “Le Freak,” (the biggest selling single in the history of Atlantic Records!) and sparked the advent of hip-hop with “Good Times”.  Nile Rodgers transcends all styles of music across every generation with a body of work that’s garnered him inductions into the Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame (2017) and the Songwriters Hall of Fame (2016). Most recently, he was appointed as the first ever Chief Creative Advisor for the legendary Abbey Road Studios to cap off a year that has included “festival best” performances at both Glastonbury and Coachella that resulted in the BBC nominating the band  for the BBC Music Awards as “Best Live Performance Of 2017” and the LA Times stating “Nile Rodgers influence stretches all over Coachella, beaming the sound of a better future”. His work in the CHIC Organization and his productions for artists like David Bowie, Diana Ross, and Madonna have sold over 500 million albums and 75 million singles worldwide while his innovative, trendsetting collaborations with Daft Punk, Avicii, Sigala, Disclosure, and Sam Smith reflect the vanguard of contemporary music.  Nile Rodgers &amp; CHIC will be releasing their first new album in 25 years, “It’s About Time” on September 28, 2018 .  
Simon leads Netmarble Corporation’s U.S. branch in Los Angeles, CA. As a key player in expanding one of the world’s fastest growing mobile game companies to the U.S., Simon helps facilitate the company’s business development, marketing and localization of games for Western markets. Before Netmarble, Simon was CTO, and COO at CJ Games Global Corporation for five years. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science and Master’s Degree and Ph.D in Artificial Intelligence (Natural Language Processing) from Pusan National University in Korea.
Tom Gorke is Executive Vice President, Head of Distribution and Business Development for Viacom. He oversees Viacom’s media networks distribution partnerships and strategy with all domestic affiliates, SVOD platforms and other content licensees. Additionally, Mr. Gorke is responsible for digital business development, leading the team that is charged with expanding Viacom’s media networks’ reach on all social, mobile and other connected platforms. He is based in the company’s New York City headquarters. Mr. Gorke previously served as Executive Vice President of Sales and Business Development for Content Distribution at Viacom Media Networks and BET Networks, leading sales and new business efforts for all linear and digital distribution partnerships across BET, CMT, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Logo, Spike, TV Land and VH1, as well as Viacom’s joint venture EPIX. Prior to that position, he was Senior Vice President of Content Distribution and Marketing for Viacom Media Networks, where he was responsible for all of Viacom Media Networks’ digital content distribution and select linear deals, and oversaw Viacom’s partnerships with subscription video aggregators, electronic sell-through providers and other mobile and internet-based content distributors. Mr. Gorke also previously served as the Vice President of Digital Distribution, focused specifically on online content deals and relationships, as well as Director of Digital Operations and Distribution Development. Before joining Viacom in 2005, Mr. Gorke was Manager of Strategy and Investments for the CBS Internet Group, where he helped lead the origination, analysis and management of a portfolio of investments in internet companies. He began his career at investment bank Alex. Brown as a financial analyst in the Consumer Group. Mr. Gorke sits on the board of the T. Howard Foundation and was included among Multichannel News 2013 list of 40 Under 40. He received an M.B.A. with honors and a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Adrienne Fields is the Director of Legal Affairs for Artists Rights Society (ARS).  ARS represents the intellectual property rights of over 80,000 visual artists and estates from around the world including those of Frank Stella, the Andy Warhol Foundation, the Estate of Pablo Picasso and the Estate of Henri Matisse, among others.  Ms. Fields’ work involves the licensing of artists’ copyrights for various uses including, print, internet, television, advertising, film, theater and merchandise.  She monitors the intellectual property of ARS’s members and enforces their rights against infringing users.  Ms. Fields works closely with her counterparts at ARS’s sister societies in more than thirty foreign countries to enforce visual artists’ rights globally.  Ms. Fields is also the Editor-in-Chief for  Landslide®  Magazine, a publication of the American Bar Association’s Intellectual Property Law Section, and a member of the ABA’s Content Advisory Board, which oversees all ABA-IPL Section publications.  Ms. Fields was elected a Fellow of the American Bar Foundation in 2018.  She received a Distinguished Alumni Award in 2016 and an Art Law Alumni Award in 2013 from her alma mater, Brooklyn Law School.  Ms. Fields holds an M.A. degree from Christie’s Education in Connoisseurship and Art Market Studies and a B.A. from Brandeis University.
Alisa Coleman is the Chief Operating Officer of ABKCO Music &amp; Records, Inc., overseeing the day-to-day operations as well as the business development and global licensing of the music publishing, record, and film catalogs for one of the foremost independent entertainment companies in the world. ABKCO’s catalog includes compositions, recordings, and films by Sam Cooke, The Rolling Stones, Bobby Womack, Eric Burdon, The Animals, Herman’s Hermits, Marianne Faithfull, Pete Townshend, Ray Davies, and The Kinks; the Cameo Parkway master recordings; and the works of cult director Alejandro Jodorowsky. Coleman first joined ABKCO in 1985, as an assistant in the licensing and royalty departments, and has gone on to work in every division of the company. In 2016 she was named the company’s first COO. During her tenure at ABKCO, she has greatly expanded the exposure of the company’s legendary catalog, increasing its reputation and value, and is known for her innovative deal structures that focus on the long-term value of intellectual property and licensing partnerships. A key element in Coleman’s strategy is to find inventive ways to introduce ABKCO’s catalog to new generations. She says, “With many of our assets more than 50 years old, our challenge is how to keep these songs and films vital and exciting. I’m constantly looking for ways to reimagine them, with deals that connect all the dots – audio, video, and composition – to maximize revenue, interest, and exposure for this amazing catalog.” ABKCO had been historically reticent with synch, digital, and derivative work licensing; in the first five years Coleman ran the licensing department, she was able to quadruple their synch licensing by building bridges back into the music supervision community and expanding into the new media and technology arenas. She likes to make deals that go beyond licensing to include promotional components, working with the licensing partner to find the best path to success for the song, the partner, and for ABKCO. For example, in 2014, Lyric Culture wanted to license Mick Jagger and Keith Richards’ song lyrics for use on different merchandise. Coleman went with Lyric Culture to the Home Shopping Network (HSN) to create a special program that included ABKCO’s other Rolling Stones audio and video assets. The November broadcast was one of the most successful in HSN’s history, selling out all the products halfway through the 90-minute show. Every sale also included a download card, furthering the cross-promotion of ABKCO’s Rolling Stones catalog. Coleman says, “In working with composition assets, music publishers need to look past traditional licensing and drive opportunities to increase exposure and revenue for songs by cross branding and promotional opportunities.”
Allison is Group Managing Director &amp; Senior Vice President of WarnerMedia Investments, where she runs the group focused on equity investments in companies that directly enhance WarnerMedia’s ability to meet specific strategic goals, including the delivery of new services, enhancement of an existing product, entry or expansion into a key strategic market, completion of a strategic partnership, and critical research and development. Prior to joining WarnerMedia in July 2001, Allison was an Associate at Groupe Arnault, investing in and managing new media and technology equity investments for the private holding company of the Chairman of LVMH. Previously, she worked in the Global Media Group, Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. Allison serves as a director or active observer on the boards of several companies including Amino, Bustle, Discord, Dynamic Signal, Fuse Media, iStreamPlanet, Mic, Outpost Games, SambaTV, Simulmedia, Trion Worlds, and YieldMo. Allison co-founded the NYPEN Women’s Forum and is a mentor for Techstars NYC and the Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator. Allison graduated from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where she received a Bachelor of Science in Economics, with concentrations in Finance and Operations &amp; Information Management.
Amelia Wang Binder joined NMPA in 2015. In addition to serving as a key member of our advocacy team, Amelia manages NMPA’s political action committee (NMPAC). Prior to joining NMPA, Wang was chief of staff to Congresswoman Judy Chu (D-Calif.) for five years and previously worked for Rep. Grace Napolitano (D-Calif.). While working for Chu, she spearheaded the creation of the Congressional Creative Rights Caucus – a 55 Member bi-partisan group focused on strengthening copyright protections and fighting to achieve fair compensation to creators for their work. Amelia is a Leadership Music Alumni (Class of 2018) and graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles.
At Copyright Clearance Center, Christopher Kenneally develops content and programming covering issues facing the information industry. He also works with his Business Development colleagues to help the company attract new customers and achieve greater penetration in existing markets. Kenneally is host and producer of CCC’s weekly podcast series, “Beyond the Book.” As an independent journalist for more than 15 years, Christopher Kenneally reported on education, business, travel, culture and technology for the New York Times, Boston Globe, Los Angeles Times, and The Independent of London , among many other publications. He also reported for WBUR-FM (Boston), National Public Radio, and WGBH-TV (PBS-Boston).
Christy Tanner is the Executive Vice President and General Manager of CBS News Digital. In this role, she oversees CBS News on all digital platforms, including CBSN, CBS News’ digital streaming news network featuring live, anchored coverage across platforms, as well as CBSNews.com, mobile apps and OTT apps. Under Tanner’s leadership, CBSN has delivered tremendous year-over-year growth. Drawing an audience with an average age of 38, CBSN delivered more than 280 million live streams in 2017 to grow viewership 17% from 2016. During the 2016 Election year, CBSN set groundbreaking records and significantly drove viewership up 232% from 2015. In addition, CBSNews.com continues to reach an even greater audience, with unique visitors up 20% year-over-year. During her tenure at CBS News Digital, Tanner has spearheaded the growth of the CBSN Originals documentary series and continually expanded distribution to make CBSN available on every major platform. Formerly, Tanner was the Senior Vice President and General Manager of CBS Interactive Media, a group of premier entertainment brands. Tanner joined CBS Interactive through the company’s acquisition of TV Guide Digital, where as CEO she transformed the business for an on-demand, streaming audience. She previously held executive positions with The Washington Post Company, Wolters Kluwer and Reed Elsevier. Tanner currently is a board member and special advisor to the executive committee of Digital Content Next, the leading trade organization serving premium digital content companies, where she previously served as co-chair from 2015-2017. She is also chair of the Groton Women’s Network. Tanner holds a B.A. from Brown University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School.
With more than 20 years of entertainment programming and producing experience, Daniel Tibbets serves as President and General Manager for El Rey Network, overseeing day-to-day operations for the Latino infused entertainment brand that revels in the courage, capacity, and creativity of ordinary people on extraordinary journeys. Spearheading the overall growth of El Rey, Tibbets manages digital expansion, content strategy and development, program planning and scheduling, productions, acquisitions, talent relations, ad sales, business affairs and business development. Tibbets most recently served as Chief Content Officer at Machinima where he was responsible for the programming organization, including content strategy and development, program planning and scheduling, production, acquisitions, and business affairs. Prior to Machinima, Tibbets was Senior Vice President Digital Media for Bunim/Murray Productions and led Bunim/Murray’s digital department including developing short-form programming for the web, mobile devices and other online and connected device distribution platforms. Tibbets joined Bunim/Murray after six years serving as Studio Chief at GoTV Networks where he oversaw all programming, development, production, and licensing of video content for mobile and broadband, as well as new distribution models. Tibbets led GoTV Studios to become the largest producer and distributor of original video content accessible to mobile users in streaming and on-demand formats on all U.S. based wireless carriers, mobile operating systems, as well as for online and internationally. Before joining GoTV, Tibbets held the position of Vice President, Production at Twentieth Television, and oversaw FOXLAB, Inc. While at Fox, Tibbets developed a number of successful television programs including the first convergence program to air on broadcast television, “Classmates” with Classmates.com. Tibbets is also credited with creating the “mobisode™” including Executive Producing the first two original content mobisodes™ Love and Hate and Sunset Hotel (winner of the Golden Eagle Award for Excellence). Previously, Tibbets served as Vice President, Entertainment for Fireworks Television, where he developed live-action dramas for syndication with Tribune Entertainment and children’s half-hour series’ for Nickelodeon and NBC/Discovery Kids. Tibbets was also responsible for the U.S. sale of the eight-hour miniseries Robocop: Prime Directives to the Sci-Fi Channel as well as the two-hour MOW Stolen Miracle to Lifetime. From his work at Papazian-Hirsch/Rysher Entertainment Tibbets is credited with the development and sale of the HBO series “ROME” and television films A Mother’s Testimony and Determination of Death for Lifetime and Face Value for Court TV. Earlier in his career Tibbets served as a writer and producer on a number of notable television programs and specials including the Emmy-Award winning Streetwise, World Champions of Golf and BuzzTV, and the BBC/PBS mini-series Signs and Wonders starring James Earl Jones. Tibbets has produced and/or contributed to the production and development of other award-winning, made for television series, including: Martha Stewart Living, Bob Vila, Pensacola: Wings of Gold, Psi Factor – Chronicles of the Paranormal, News for Kids, The Extremists, George Michael’s Sports Machine, America’s Most Wanted, Good Day Live, Judge Alex, On-Air with Ryan Seacrest, and many others. Tibbets has a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing with an emphasis in International Marketing and Business from Arizona State University. Tibbets is Co-Founder of e-publishing company Premier Digital Publishing, orchestrating a successful exit in 2012.  
David Beck is   executive vice president, corporate strategy and operations   at Turner.   Within this role, Beck   oversees Turner’s corporate strategy, intelligence &amp; research and corporate business affairs teams.   Based in New York,   he   reports to   Doug   Shapiro, chief strategy officer at Turner.   Under Beck’s leadership, the corporate strategy group   focuses   on   the   developme nt of   Turner’s business with   a   focus on direct to consumer models and putting fans at the center of Turner’s IP development, programming, distribution, marketing and monetization strategies. The corporate intelligence and research group will provide more actionable and robust fan insights, and synthesize rapidly changing market trends to better inform and accelerate strategic and operating decisions.     Prior   to joining Turner in 2016,   Beck co-founded   BRaVe   Ventures, a strategic advisory and investment firm   working with   media   and   tech companies.   In 2016, after working with   BRaVe   for years on a consulting basis, Turner acquired the company and Beck   joined TBS and   TNT as chief strategy and ventures officer.   Before   BRaVe , Beck held senior executive strategy and operating roles at Univision, within the Office of the CEO and as senior vice president and head of social media. His team earned 25 awards for executing social content, marketing, and sales programs on a world-wide stage, including the 2014 FIFA World Cup, Latin Grammy Awards and 2012 U.S. Presidential Election Town Halls.   Beck was also a member of top global strategy consulting firm, Bain &amp; Company’s media and private equity practices.   Beck   has a   Master of Business Administration   from the MIT Sloan School of Management and a Bachelor’s degree from Tufts University.   He currently serves   as a Board Member of the   MIT delta v accelerator   program in   New York, and   as   an investor and mentor at   Techstars , a worldwide network for   entrepreneurs.   Turner ,   a   WarnerMedia   company, is a global entertainment, sports and news company that creates premium content and delivers exceptional experiences to fans whenever and wherever they consume content. These efforts are fueled by data-driven insights and industry-leading technology. Turner owns and operates some of the most valuable brands in the world, including   Adult Swim ,   Bleacher Report ,   Boomerang ,   Cartoon Network ,   CNN ,   ELEAGUE ,   FilmStr uck ,   Great Big Story ,   HLN ,   iStreamPlanet ,   Sup er Deluxe ,   TBS ,   Turner Classic Movies (TCM) ,   TNT ,   truTV   and   Turner Sports .  
Deep Ghumman is a Principal in the Advisory Services practice of Ernst &amp; Young LLP. He is focused on helping clients drive profitable growth in their organization through innovation, process reengineering, leveraging technology and empowering the workforce. Helping companies take the next leap on productivity thru Digitization of Finance function by using Automation/Robotics, Machine Learning and Blockchain/Distributed Ledger Networks. Over the last 20 years, I’ve been responsible for shaping and executing global business transformation programs across different industry sectors. These programs included implementation of global ERP systems, establishing new operating models, re-designing business functions and standardizing scores of processes.
Dwayne Benefield is Vice President and head of PlayStation Vue, with P&amp;L responsibility for the Internet-based live TV service, as well as oversight for strategy, programming and content acquisition, service operations, and product management. PlayStation Vue is available to TV audiences nationwide and is accessible on many popular devices. Prior to his current role, Benefield helped expand PlayStation Network by leading a team that developed partnerships with third-party services, like Netflix and Amazon. He also had responsibility for negotiating the content licenses with major labels and music publishers for a subscription music service. Benefield began his career in the Information, Communications, and Entertainment practice at KPMG, then spent 10 years at The Walt Disney Company within Corporate Finance, Strategy, and Business Development roles. Between Disney and Sony, he was the general manager of West Coast Entertainment at Google where he focused on content acquisition for YouTube and managed an ad sales team.   Benefield obtained his Bachelor of Accountancy from New Mexico State University, and later earned his M.B.A from Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with majors in Strategic &amp; Entrepreneurial Management.
Emma Cooper is the Global President of Non-Scripted Television at Pulse Films. Since joining the team in Summer 2015, Emma has been working to develop and produce high end factual programming which pushes boundaries and excites and engages audiences. Emma’s recent credits include: Rock and Roll (10 part series SKY) No Greater Law (A&amp;E Indie Films) The Deal (3 part series BBC 2) United States of Hate: Muslims Under Attack (BBC3), The Last Days of Legal Highs (BBC3) and has a number of projects currently in production such as an 8 part series for Netflix, a current affairs feature for Channel 4 and many other projects in development with major Broadcasters. Having previously held the position of Commissioning Editor in Documentaries at Channel 4, Cooper has a track record for developing award-winning, innovative and trend-setting television shows that encourage discussion. Not only was she responsible for the Cutting Edge strand, recent film work also included Angry, White and Proud, Plus Size Wars, The Murder Workers, The Fried Chicken Shop, and My Granny The Escort, alongside series Rookies At Sea, The Night Bus, Freshers, Teens, Liberty of London and How To Get A Council House. Prior to Channel 4, Emma was at the BBC where she directed and series produced films including Louis Theroux: A Place for Paedophiles and Miami Mega-Jail.
EVAN SHAPIRO (Producer) is an Emmy and Peabody Award Winner who has run IFC, Sundance TV and Seeso. He has produced or helped create more than 150 television series, specials or documentaries, including  Portlandia ,  Please Like Me ,  Take My Wife ,  Shrink ,  Trapped In The Closet ,  Harmonquest , Laurie Kilmartin’s  45 Jokes About My Dead Dad ,  HitRecord, Fortitude, Carlos, Bollywood Hero, My Brother My Brother &amp; Me ,  Brick City ,  This Film Is Not Yet Rated  and more. Under his new banner, he is producing projects with Margaret Cho, Don Roos, Lisa Kudrow, John Leguizamo, Lin Manuel-Miranda, Bill Plympton, Bill Porter, Kyle Kinane and more. He is also a professor of Television at New York University.
Jarrod Dicker is an entrepreneurial technology and media executive. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Po.et, a platform for a new decentralized media economy. Prior to Po.et, Dicker served as innovation chief at the Washington Post as Vice President of Innovation and founded RED, the Post’s research experimentation and development team. There he oversaw the companies technology, product, operations and strategy across the entire business. Before the Washington Post, Dicker lead strategy, product and technology teams at RebelMouse, Time Inc. and the Huffington Post. He also sits on the Board of Advisors for Rutgers University School of Innovation and Mogul Inc., a technology platform that enables women worldwide to share ideas and access content based on personal interests. Dicker’s writing and work has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, AdAge, AdWeek, Digiday, Axios, AdExchanger, Poynter and more.
Jeff Bronikowski is Head of Innovation and Senior Vice President, Business Development for Warner Music Group. Jeff has worked in entertainment and media for 20 years, primarily at the nexus of the music business and technology. He was SVP of Business Development for Universal Music Group, General Manager of both AOL Music and Yahoo! Music and also led Corporate Development for The Echo Nest (acquired by Spotify). During a hiatus from music-related endeavors, Jeff was Chief Operating Officer of DailyBurn, IAC’s industry-leading streaming fitness video subscription service and prior to WMG, he was President/GM of Tribeca Shortlist, a subscription movie streaming joint venture of Lionsgate and Tribeca Enterprises. Jeff graduated from Georgetown University and also holds an MBA from NYU’s Stern School of Business. He is based in WMG’s New York headquarters.
Jesse is a graduate from Union College with a dual degree in Computer Science and Economics. Jesse entered the music industry at ID&amp;T North America where he spent two months as the managing director of marketing for TomorrowWorld as an intern and then as the managing director of Cashless payments at SFX Entertainment; conducting research into the future of visitor event identification. In the beginning of 2015, Jesse joined ConsenSys and started working on Ujo Music. Jesse has spoken at conferences and events around the world including SXSW, The Golden Melody Awards in Taiwan, Blockchain Valley in Switzerland, and more. Additionally, Jesse is a co-founder of Ethereal as he understands the importance of bridging the digital/physical boundaries and providing meaningful experiences.
Jim Mahoney is the US General Manager of Merlin (www.merlinnetwork.org) the not for profit, global digital licensing agency representing the rights of the world’s leading independent music labels and distributors with services such as Spotify, Facebook, Pandora, Soundcloud and YouTube. Members of Merlin include AWAL/Kobalt, Beggars Group (4AD, XXL, Matador), Curb Records, Domino, Dualtone, Eleven Seven, eOne, Epitaph, Hopeless, Mad Decent, Ninja Tune, the Secretly Label Group (Jagjaguwar, Secretly Canadian, Dead Oceans and Numero Groupj), Sub Pop and Yep Roc Records/Redeye Distribution. Prior to joining Merlin in September of 2014, Mahoney served for 7 years as the Vice President of the American Association of Independent Music (A2IM; www.a2im.org) the non-profit trade association for U.S. independent labels. He also served on the SoundExchange Board of Directors from 2012-2014. Mahoney has spent his entire 25 year music industry career within the independent sector having also held the following positions: President of Fat Beats Records &amp; Distribution (working with Atmosphere, Black Milk &amp; RJD2), Senior Director of Urban Product at Roadrunner Records (working with MC Breed and producer Domingo) and National Director of Marketing and Promotions at Profile Records (working with DJ Quik, Camp Lo, Smoothe Da Hustler, Nine, Special Ed &amp; Run DMC).
As Managing Partner for Skybound Entertainment, Jon is focused on new businesses initiatives for the company.He has an extensive knowledge of emerging technologies and the confluence of content. He co-founded Skybound’s interactive division which developed and produced the company’s highly successful games including: Scopely’s The Walking Dead: Road to Survival and Overkill’s The Walking Dead. In addition to his guiding role at Skybound, Jon is a Venture Partner at Greycroft Partners. Greycroft is a venture capital investment company focused on high tech and innovative business startups. In this capacity he is an advisor to several startups and a board member of the largest children’s participatory philanthropy program in the US. Previously, Jon served as board member and CEO for two portfolio companies of Jerusalem Venture Partners in videogames and online video. He was a Founder, Chairman and CEO of Foundation 9 Entertainment, the largest independent videogame developer in the world with 11 studios and 1000 employees, ultimately selling the company in 2006. Jon started his career at a boutique investment bank focused on US-Asia strategic deals. Goldman attended Harvard and graduated magna cum laude in Asian Studies, Phi Beta Kappa, as well as the University of Kyoto and an entrepreneurial management program at UCLA Anderson School.
Jon Radoff is an entrepreneur focused on the intersection of the Internet, entertainment and social communities. In 1992, he started NovaLink, an online game publisher that created Legends of Future Past, distributed commercially on the CompuServe network. In 1997, Jon founded Eprise, the creator of a content management system that was a forerunner of modern blog and wiki technology. In 2006, Jon started GamerDNA, a venture-capital funded social media company that built products driven by real-time gamer behavior. GamerDNA merged with Crispy Gamer in 2009. Jon’s current company, Disruptor Beam, strives to be the most community-centric game company in the world. It creates highly authentic, socially driven games based around worlds that have spawned communities of millions of passionate, dedicated fans. Disruptor Beam released the first-ever social game based on the hugely popular Game of Thrones franchise, Game of Thrones Ascent, in 2013. More recently, Disruptor Beam released Star Trek Timelines, based on all eras of Star Trek, in 2016.
As Chief Operating Officer, Jonathan Barzilay works closely with PBS President and CEO Paula Kerger to ensure that all PBS services and activities are strategically aligned with the organization’s vision and mission. He is also charged with ensuring that resources are allocated effectively to meet business objectives, system priorities, and marketplace challenges and opportunities. Mr. Barzilay joined PBS in 2015 from the Ford Foundation, where he served as Director, Freedom of Expression, managing the nonprofit grant-making organization’s global programs in Media and Arts &amp; Culture. He directed the foundation’s work in support of public-service journalism, innovative business models for news programming, and press freedom, as well as support for artists and cultural institutions in diverse communities across the United States. Before coming to the Ford Foundation, Mr. Barzilay served as Senior Vice President and head of content at Qualcomm’s mobile television service, FLO TV, where he was responsible for leading programming, content acquisition and development, and consumer research. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and General Manager at CBS Interactive, where he was responsible for all operations at the CBS.com and StarTrek.com websites, including the development of original online series and the launch of an online video player. Previously, Mr. Barzilay was Senior Vice President at Disney/ABC Cable Networks and General Manager at Toon Disney and ABC Kids. In that role, he oversaw all operations at cable network Toon Disney and the ABC Kids children’s programming lineup on ABC-TV, including programming, marketing, business and operations. During the course of his 15-year career at Disney/ABC, he held numerous management posts, including Vice President and General Manager, ABC Children’s Programming; and Vice President, ABC Television Network Group. As a member of ABC’s legal department, he counseled ABC News and ABC Broadcasting on legal and regulatory matters. Mr. Barzilay began his career as an attorney in private practice in New York, focusing on entertainment law and First Amendment issues. He received his A.B. from Harvard University and his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law.
Julian Walshaw-Vaughan serves as Vice President of Engineering, Developer at Roblox. He leads our Developer Tools and Game Services teams, empowering a global community of millions of creators with the tools and analytics they need to build immersive, cross-platform experiences at a massive scale. Julian is an executive technology leader with over 20 years of experience in the software entertainment industry. Prior to joining Roblox in 2018, Julian led the long-term vision, product strategy, and development for the Electronic Arts Frostbite engine and was the Chief Technical Officer for the EA Studios group overseeing technology strategy for DICE, EA Sports, and Bioware. He also held leadership and executive roles at other major Silicon Valley companies, including Apple and Zynga. Julian graduated from the University of Liverpool with a B.Eng in Electronics.
Keith Kupferschmid is President and CEO of the Copyright Alliance, a position he has held since October 2015. In this role, Keith is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the Copyright Alliance operations, including public policy, communications and member outreach. Keith has helped raise the profile of the Copyright Alliance and the public’s awareness regarding the importance of copyright. He has also testified before Congress and various federal and state government agencies on key copyright issues. Before joining the Copyright Alliance, Keith served as the General Counsel and Senior Vice President for Intellectual Property for the Software &amp; Information Industry Association (SIIA), where he represented and advised software and content companies on intellectual property (IP) policy, legal and enforcement matters, and supervised the organization’s enforcement operations, including working with federal and state government officials on civil and criminal piracy cases. Prior to joining SIIA, Keith worked as an IP attorney at the law firm of Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett &amp; Dunner; IP attorney-advisor at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO); Director of Intellectual Property at the United States Trade Representative; and Policy Planning Advisor at the U.S. Copyright Office.
As Executive Vice President of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) for Twentieth Century Fox Television Distribution (TCFTVD), Kristen Finney is responsible for overseeing all content licensing deals across Pay, Basic and Free TV and Subscription Video on Demand (SVOD) in the EMEA region. Finney leads an international team of sales executives in strategically distributing all feature films and television series from Twentieth Century Fox Film, Twentieth Century Fox Television, Fox 21 Television Studios, FX Productions, Fox 2000, Fox Searchlight Pictures, Fox Animation and other 21st Century Fox companies. Together, Finney and her team are responsible for licensing content to more than 250 clients in over 140 territories. In 2016, Finney was promoted to Executive Vice President, EMEA as part of a restructure of TCFTVD, which unified the licensing efforts throughout all television distribution media and platforms and aligned the sales organization around the three major regions: The Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific. Before leading the EMEA sales team, Finney was Senior Vice President, Worldwide Pay TV and SVOD, where she significantly contributed to the company’s financial strategy and growth by negotiating multi-million dollar Pay TV and SVOD deals. Finney and her team were responsible for the company’s Pay TV and SVOD licensing for the following major territories: the UK, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Russia, Central and Eastern European Countries, Turkey, Greece, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Southeast Asia. Previously based out of the London sales office, Finney led international licensing negotiations for half of the European region including the UK, France and the Nordics as Vice President, International Pay-Per-View, Video-On-Demand and Electronic Sell-Through. A graduate of Stanford Law School, Finney’s first role at Twentieth was as Senior Counsel, Transactional (Digital Technologies and Content Protection) in Los Angeles where she led negotiations on technology and security requirements in a wide variety of content distribution deals across both the studio and network group. Prior to her fifteen year tenure at Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, Finney served as Director, Legal Affairs and Senior Counsel at Discovery Communications, Inc. At Discovery, Finney negotiated content license agreements and was the lead deal lawyer for TLC’s, Travel Channel’s and Animal Planet’s online and domestic consumer products and airline distribution groups. She was also the lead deal lawyer for Discovery’s information technology division. Finney was an associate at both Squadron, Ellenoff &amp; Sheinfeld, LLP and Simpson Thacher &amp; Bartlett in New York, NY. She currently resides in Los Angeles.  
Lillian has nine years experience in digital marketing, audience development and brand and business strategy. At Civil, Lillian develops strategy and tactics for large-scale project execution and resource management. Prior to Civil, Lillian was senior director of growth and product optimization at InsideHook. There, she developed and implemented strategy to convert the email business into a full-suite digital publisher. Prior to InsideHook, Lillian launched the Girl Scouts of the USA’s first social media marketing strategy, winning the company’s first Overall Grand Champion and Category Champion in the Large Business division of the Social Media Leadership Awards. She also helped re-brand New York cult favorite brands Flavorwire and Flavorpill. Lillian holds a B.A. in History from Wesleyan University. Outside of Civil, she is the lead singer and co-manager of probably the sickest cover band in New York City. Don’t invite her to your karaoke parties.
Lori Feldman serves as EVP of Strategic Marketing at Warner Bros. Records, a role she has held since 2012. In this position she oversees the team that creates unique marketing platforms for the label’s artists through brand partnerships, sports marketing, music licensing for advertising, gaming and branded content, events, music video product integrations, and more. Artists across the roster, including Michael Bublé, Jason Derulo, Gary Clark Jr., Andra Day, and Bebe Rexha, have benefited from partnerships with Coca Cola, Citibank, The NFL, The NBA, Chrysler, Delta Airlines, Gap, and Pepsi among others. Feldman was named to Billboard Magazine’s 2016 and 2017 Top 100 Women in Music lists, as well as their 2016, 2017 and 2018 Branding Power Players list. She was recently President of the 2018 Cannes Lions Music for Entertainment jury, is on the advisory boards of Musicians On Call, The EveryGirl Collective, and a is a founding member of PTTOW. She is continually inspired and excited by the ever-changing landscape of the music, technology and media businesses, and believes that, when brands are able to connect to consumers in an authentic fashion, through music and storytelling, everybody wins. Lori lives in New York City with her husband and three children.
Marcie Allen leverages her more than 23 years of music industry experience to negotiate high-profile partnerships between the world’s leading brands and artists. Allen has brokered and executed multi-faceted programs on behalf of brands including: Sony, Southwest Airlines, YouTube, Microsoft, Verizon, Samsung, Citi, Capital One, Delta, AT&amp;T and artists including Chance the Rapper, Khalid, Foo Fighters, Rolling Stones, Green Day, Lady Antebellum, Billy Joel, John Legend, Imagine Dragons, and Keith Urban. She has been nominated as a finalist for Billboard’s “Concert Marketing and Promotion Award” twelve times and has won seven times. Allen has been named to Billboard’s “Women in Music” list every year since 2010. Allen was included in Billboard’s “Power 100” list in 2018, “Branding Power Players” list in 2016, 2017 and 2018, named to the first-ever “Hip-Hop Power List” in 2017, honored on the publications “40 Under 40” list in 2013 and has also received Billboard’s Humanitarian Award.” Variety has selected Allen to its 2015 and 2018 “Power of Women: New York Impact List,” representing the most powerful women in entertainment. In 2018, Allen was selected to serve on Barclays’ Brooklyn Sports &amp; Entertainment Advisory Board.
Marty Moe is President of Vox Media where he leads strategic direction for the Vox Media Podcast Network, which produces a slate of popular podcasts, and Vox Entertainment, Vox Media’s original development, production, and distribution division for television and premium OTT video. Moe is a co-founder of The Verge and Polygon and joined Vox Media in 2011. Since the fall of 2017, Vox Entertainment, under Moe ’s leadership, has announced five new original series: No Passport Required, a series from Eater and PBS hosted by chef Marcus Samuelsson; Divided States of Women, a franchise launched in partnership with Comcast and hosted by reporter Liz Plank; Foul Play, a true-crime sports documentary series produced with SB Nation in partnership with Verizon’s go90; Explained, a documentary series from Vox streaming on Netflix; and American Style, a documentary series exploring American fashion throughout the decades, that will premiere on CNN in early 2019. Previously, Marty was Senior Vice President of AOL’s content publishing division, where he ran the company’s original news, finance, sports, and technology content offerings, as well as Weblogs, Inc., then the largest professional blog network in the US. Before joining AOL in 2001, Marty served as Deputy Chief of Staff for U.S. Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers, and earlier practiced corporate law at Skadden Arps in Washington, DC. He clerked on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit after graduating Magna Cum Laude from NYU School of Law, where he was Executive Editor of the NYU Law Review. Marty lives in Washington, DC, with his two children.  
Michael Chang is SVP Corporate Development for NCSOFT West, responsible for executing on acquisitions, investments, and 3rd party publishing opportunities (including the recently announced Harmonix transaction). Michael currently represents NCSOFT on the board of This Game Studio. Michael previously led Electronic Arts’ acquisition activity in F2P mobile and PC gaming, including the acquisitions of Bight Games (The Simpsons: Tapped Out) and KlickNation (Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes). Prior to EA, Michael worked in venture capital and private equity. Michael has also served as an advisor / investor to several private companies in gaming, including Survios, Pixelberry Studios (acquired by Nexon), Omniata (acquired by King) and Playnomics (acquired by Unity Technologies).
For the past 20 years, Ned Sherman has devoted his career to innovation and entrepreneurship in the creative and technology industries as a successful entrepreneur, media executive and business owner, and trusted advisor and legal counsel to entertainment, media and technology companies. He is currently Counsel, Entertainment, Media &amp; Technology, Manatt Phelps &amp; Phillips LLP, Director of Manatt Digital, the firm’s management consulting group, and an investor and advisor to the Manatt Venture Fund. He is also Chairman and Founder (previously CEO &amp; Publisher) of Digital Media Wire, Inc., a marketing and strategy consulting firm representing an A-List clientele of entertainment, media and technology brands, government groups and trade associations and owner and operator of media properties and events. He was previously Global Artist Manager and General Counsel to multi-platinum, Korean-American hip-hop artist Jay Park (now signed to Roc Nation) and has held leadership positions in several media company ventures and with a boutique digital media-focused investment banking practice, which he co-founded. According to the Wall Street Journal, “Ned Sherman is more than the average pundit: He is an attorney and has an inside grasp of what is happening.” Sherman holds an A.B. with honors from  Brown  University, a J.D. from the University of  Texas  School of Law, and is a cohort member of the Executive Master in Innovation &amp; Entrepreneurship program at  HEC   Paris School of Management .
Rafi Fine is a digital media entrepreneur and CEO/Co-Founder of FBE (Fine Brothers Entertainment), an award-winning media company and studio that creates innovative and entertaining content for a global audience across both owned and operated and partner channels.
Sarah Howes is the Director and Counsel of Government Affairs and Public Policy at the Screen Actors Guild – American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. In this role, Sarah specializes in copyright, image and voice rights, inalienability, child labor laws, and sexual harassment policy. Sarah is known for her expertise and passionate advocacy on behalf of the American artist and broadcaster. Prior to joining SAG-AFTRA, Sarah worked as the Director of Legal Affairs/Legal Fellow for the Copyright Alliance in Washington, D.C., and the Legal Programs Manager for Springboard for the Art’s Minnesota Lawyers for the Arts program in St. Paul, Minnesota, where she established legal literacy workshops, a legal clinic, and a pro bono litigation program for artists in the state. In addition to her career as an attorney, Sarah is a playwright.
Tim Fields oversees all aspects of game development and operations at Kabam, from concept, to build, to live operations. Tim has led development and operations efforts on Kabam’s Marvel Contest of Champions, Fast and Furious, and Transformers: Forged to Fight games. He is in charge of all elements of production, publishing, financing, games, and operations of the studios. A 22-year veteran of the video game industry, Tim has held various positions ranging from executive producer, to lead designer and director of business development at major publishers, including Capcom, Microsoft, and Electronic Arts. His game credentials include hit franchises like Need for Speed, Halo, Call of Duty, Brute Force, SSX, and others. In addition, Tim is active in the game development and financial community as a consultant, writer and speaker. He has authored a number of books on game design, production, monetization, and analytics. Tim loves making games and working with teams to enable millions of players around the world to play with their friends. Tim is a native of Austin, TX and a University of Texas alumnus.
Todd Spangler, an award-winning business and technology journalist with more than 20 years of experience, joined Variety in 2013, where he covers digital media and technology for the entertainment industry’s leading business publication. Previously, he was technology editor for Multichannel News for seven years, covering the cable TV industry. Spangler also has worked as an editor and writer with information-technology publications, including PC Magazine, Interactive Week, Baseline, Web Week, and Byte and Switch, an online storage-networking publication. He holds a bachelor’s degree in journalism from Northwestern University, and lives with his family in New Jersey.
Tom Christie serves as Chief Operating Officer for Showtime Networks (SNI). He reports to David Nevins, President and CEO, Showtime Networks Inc. With over 25 years of service at the Company, Christie leads Showtime Networks’ distribution, sales, affiliate marketing, network operations and new business development teams, and the SHOWTIME® streaming service product group. Additionally, Christie has oversight of the planning and execution of future strategies and new business ventures. Christie previously served as President, Distribution, Business Development and Network Operations. Under his leadership, Showtime Networks has grown subscribers by 70 percent in the past decade to currently boast over 23 million subscribers through cable, DBS and telco providers. With this oversight, SNI launched a new stand-alone streaming service last year, which is now available through Amazon, Apple®, Google and Roku, as well as through Hulu, Sony PlayStation Vue and Amazon Prime Video. Since its launch, the service has grown consistently, more than doubling streaming subscribers since the fall of 2015. Christie previously served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Affiliate Marketing for Sundance Channel, and Vice President of National Accounts, Western Region for Showtime Networks. Christie holds an A.B. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from The Tuck School at Dartmouth College  
Ahmed Elgammal is the founder and CEO of Artrendex, a startup that builds innovative AI technology for the art market and creative users. Dr. Ahmed Elgammal is a professor at the Department of Computer Science Rutgers University. He is the founder and director of the Art and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at Rutgers. His research on knowledge discovery in art history and AI art generation, received wide international media attention, including reports on the Washington Post, New York Times, NBC News, the Daily Telegraph, Science News, New Scientist, and many others. In 2017, an Artsy editorial acclaimed his work on AI generated art as “the biggest artistic achievement of the year”. In 2016, a TV segment about his research, produced for PBS, won an Emmy award.
Alex is Co-Founder and Managing Partner at CoinFund LLC. He is a multidisciplinary thinker with a special interest in social and technological innovation. He has 13 years of experience in developing pricing, risk management, and high-frequency trading software at Goldman Sachs. Holding a dual degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from New York University and a Masters Degree in Organizational Psychology from Process Work Institute in Portland, Oregon, Alex bridges technological insight with social science and psychology.
Before finishing art school, Alexander was swept away into the dot-com bubble of the late 90s and began his career in advertising. Since then, he’s been crafting technology enabled experiences that emphasize the importance of how someone experiences a virtual or physical space. Seamlessly blending his recognized understanding of emerging consumer technology, with modern creative and production processes. A craft he has applied over the last 20 years for brands including Budweiser, Chrysler, McDonald’s, Miller Lite, State Farm and Lockheed Martin. In 2016, Alexander joined DDB New York in the new role of Creative Technology Officer, an updated version of the traditional agency CTO, and the role has since expanded to include We Are Unlimited, the dedicated agency for McDonald’s in the U.S. Prior to these roles, Alexander held a similar role at Framestore, the Academy and BAFTA award-winning visual effects company. His work has been recognized with over 130 industry awards and was one of the Top 10 Creatives of 2017 at the One Show. Most notable work includes the Lockheed Martin group VR experience, Field Trip to Mars, the most awarded campaign at Cannes Festival of Creativity 2016. Along with frequently being on panels at industry conferences, he has the pleasure of being a juror for award shows and has taught interactive advertising at Miami Ad School. He has also mentored technology start-ups through the accelerator program by R/GA Ventures and the New Museum’s NEW INC incubator.
Alexandra Bear is an associate in the Entertainment and Digital Media Practice Group in the firm’s New York office and lead associate of the firm’s Blockchain Technology and Digital Currency Team. Ms. Bear provides legal and strategic counsel for startup, midcap and multinational corporations, as well as trade associations and membership organizations in connection with a broad range of legal and business issues related to music, intellectual property, entertainment, blockchain, privacy, information security, licensing and technology.  She has extensive experience advising media, internet and technology companies on business and legal strategies related to licensing and rights management, technology and content transactions, distributed ledger technologies, virtual goods and virtual currency, integrating and using open source technology, developing intellectual property protection and monetization strategies, handling terms of service and end user license agreements, privacy and information security policies, risk management and more. When she’s not working, she’s photographing musicians and live events.
Allen Bargfrede   is an entertainment attorney and strategist who focuses his work on the intersection of art and technology. He is a Managing Partner at PDX Media Partners, an artist development and music asset investment firm, co-founder and Chief Legal Officer of Dot Blockchain Media, and Managing Director at Avance Advisors. Allen’s past experience includes founding the Rethink Music thinktank at Berklee College of Music and launching the graduate music business program for Berklee’s campus in Valencia, Spain. He is the author of “Music Law in the Digital Age,” now available in its second edition, and teaches courses on copyright and management for Berklee Online.
Amber Allen, Founder and CEO of Double A, is a gaming industry veteran and pioneer in the experiential technology field. With in-house experience at Disney, Warner Bros., and Riot Games plus five years owning Double A, Allen has spearheaded over 1000 global events in gaming, entertainment, and technology. Recognizing a hole in the marketplace for providing quality, tech-forward gaming experiences for fans, influencers, and press, Allen has made a name for Double A as the go-to firm for best-in-class service and delivery of award winning experiences. With a roster of clients including Alienware, AT&amp;T, Blizzard, Fox, and PUBG, Double A secured a spot on Inc’s list of fastest growing companies of 2017.
Amir Lotan is Creative Director and Head of Production for FTX Games, the award-winning publisher of mobile games based on major entertainment properties which has rallied tens-of-millions of fans around The Hunger Games, Mission: Impossible, Narcos, Power Rangers, ROCKY, and other properties, on mobile. Lotan began his career over 15 years ago as a journalist writing about games, after which he joined as a founding member of FTX Games (previously Funtactix). Prior to Creative Director, he held a variety of positions in the areas of creative, game design, art and narrative. In 2018, Lotan and the FTX Games team will release multiple new games based on some of the world’s most popular entertainment properties.
Andrew McInnes is CEO of TMWRK Management.  Andrew  founded TMWRK with Kevin Kusatsu after successfully running his own management outfit alongside his A&amp;R role at Epic Records in New York, and formerly at Columbia Records as an A&amp;R scout.  Andrew  attended Fordham University and currently resides in New York. TMWRK’s current management roster includes Diplo, A-Trak, Major Lazer, Dillon Francis, MØ, Flosstradamus, Cashmere Cat, Ariel Rechtshaid, Two Feet, and many other accomplished artists.
Andy Weissman is a managing partner at Union Square Ventures. Andy began his career in the Internet in the mid-90s. Prior to joining USV, in 2007 he co-founded betaworks, which both created and invested in social, real-time applications and services. Andy was born in New York City and has a BA from Wesleyan University and a JD from Georgetown.
Ari Segal is President and COO of Immortals, LLC, a global esports organization based in Los Angeles. Immortals, founded in 2015, has raised strategic investment from AEG, Lionsgate, the Milken Family, Meg Whitman and Steve Kaplan. The franchise participates in several leading esports titles including DOTA2, Rainbow Six: Siege and Super Smash Brothers under its Immortals brand and Clash Royale and Arena of Valor in its newly created Immortals Mobile division. It owns and operates one of two Los Angeles slots in Overwatch League, the Los Angeles Valiant, and in 2018 re-launched the Brazilian heritage brand MIBR for its CS:GO team, the most popular and competitively successful team in the world. Segal oversees all of the organization’s business operations and is a non-voting Board Adviser on Immortals’ Board of Directors. Segal previously served as COO for the Arizona Coyotes (NHL), where he led the club to its highest ever single-season ticket sales and total revenue. He was also Special Assistant to the CEO of the Anaheim Ducks (NHL) and led the launch of the San Diego Gulls, the Ducks’ American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, where he served as the Gulls’ first President of Business Operations. Following their inaugural season, the Gulls were awarded the first-ever AHL President’s Award for Business Excellence. Segal previously worked at McKinsey &amp; Company and on Wall Street at Lehman Brothers and CCMP Capital Advisors. He earned a J.D. and an MBA from Stanford University, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar, and a B.A. with Distinction from the University of Virginia. He is a licensed attorney and member of the New York State Bar Association.
Benoit Vatere is CEO and Founder of Mammoth Media, the mobile entertainment network redefining media by creating original content in new formats for millennials and Generation Z. Mammoth Media is born out of Science Inc., the Los Angeles startup development and investment firm behind FameBit (acquired by YouTube), HelloSociety (acquired by The New York Times Company), Dollar Shave Club (acquired by Unilever) and more. Prior to Mammoth Media, Benoit served as CEO and General Manager of Playhaven, a mobile gaming monetization platform that employed deep user segmentation. He has cofounded two other technology companies: magnify360, the leading conversion optimization company with proprietary technology aligning media buying and the post-click experience, and Popular.fr, a peer-to-peer classifieds ad website. He is based in Los Angeles.
Bernarda Duarte is Director, Content Acquisition at Roku.  She leads content acquisition efforts working with key partners such as Viacom, Fox, Turner, HBO and Showtime. In addition, she is responsible for growing the Roku channel store in the LATAM region. Prior to joining Roku, Bernarda was Vice President and General Manager at Meruelo Media, LLC where she led the #1 broadcast affiliate for MundoFOX.  Bernarda joined Meruelo from the Fox Network where in her role as Vice President of Broadcast Distribution, she launched the MundoFox network. From 2006 to 2012, Bernarda held various marketing positions including Chief Marketing Officer for the Raza Development Fund, the financial arm of the National Council of La Raza, and Director of Multicultural Marketing for AIGDIRECT.COM . She started her media career in 2001, serving as Station Manager and Executive Director of Broadcasting at the local Univision affiliate in Tucson. Bernarda worked at Univision several years in local programming, sales and operations for the stations in Los Angeles and San Francisco. Bernarda holds a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Southern California (USC) and a MA in International Relations also from USC. While working towards her undergraduate degree, Bernarda worked as an intern at the United Nations in New York City. She graduated Magna Cum Laude with a degree in International Relations from Occidental College in Los Angeles, CA.  
Bill  Sondheim  is President of Cinedigm Entertainment Group, overseeing content rights and distribution deals for all media assets, and managing all sales of physical and digital goods to retail partners and digital outlets. He is responsible for all label deals and licensing partnerships for both Marketing and Brand Management and Supplier Relationships, as well as related Operations and Post Production activities. Currently, he is spearheading Cinedigm’s expansion into the Chinese Market and has established relationships with leading content providers, streaming services, and government agencies. Before joining Cinedigm, Mr.  Sondheim  served as Gaiam’s President of Entertainment and Worldwide Distribution. From 2005 to 2007, he helmed the development of Sony Music Entertainment’s dual disc technology initiative. Prior to Sony, he was President of GT Brands LLC, and President of Polygram Filmed Entertainment’s video distribution entity. Through his career Mr.  Sondheim  has managed properties associated with the NFL, NBA, MLB, Reebok, Scholastic, Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer, and Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, and fitness personalities including Jillian Michaels, Richard Simmons, and Kathy Smith. Mr.  Sondheim  graduated from Kenyon College and attended the London School of Economics for Advanced Management Training. He sits on The Board of the Digital Entertainment Group and is a Board Member of the Fairfield Theater Company.
Brandon Martinez is the former Co-Founder and CEO of INDMUSIC, a global rights administration network and YouTube MCN with digital tools and services to increase revenue and audience development on YouTube. Acquired in 2016 by Live Nation, INDMUSIC is now known as Live Nation Video Network and still helps its partners monetize their content at higher ad rates without sacrificing creative control or rights to their content. Previously, Martinez was the Head of Digital Media at Abrams Artists Agency, a Top 10 US talent and literary agency. He has been featured in Forbes, Wired, Billboard Magazine, Adweek, PandoDaily, Business Insider, The Wrap, Time and other publications for his thought leadership in the music and online content industries.
Brian Pass is a partner in the Entertainment and Digital Media, and Intellectual Property Practice Groups in Sheppard Mullin’s Century City office. Mr. Pass advises clients in all aspects of technology and media transactions, including the licensing, development and distribution of computer software and hardware; internet and new media licensing, development and marketing; online advertising; video gaming; IT and business process outsourcing; intellectual property and trade secret protection; broadband communications; interactive television and e-commerce. Mr. Pass also advises companies on internet privacy and other regulatory issues affecting the Internet and e-commerce. Previously, Mr. Pass co-founded Passport New Media and served as its President and CEO. He also served as Vice President &amp; General Counsel at americast, a joint venture of The Walt Disney Corporation and several of the Baby Bell telephone companies to develop interactive digital television services. Mr. Pass has been recognized as one of the top entertainment and technology lawyers in the country by publications including Chambers USA, The Legal 500, Best Lawyers, Variety Magazine, Los Angeles Business Journal, Super Lawyers, American Lawyer Magazine, Practical Law Company, and The Daily Journal.
Cédric Cobban is an entrepreneur whose interest in Austrian economics, business and investing lead him to Bitcoin in 2011. His fascination with blockchain technology, coupled with an understanding of sound economics, lead him to multiple “crypto 2.0” projects in 2013. He has seen first-hand the evolution of the crypto space from all sides, technological, legal, philosophical, political and financial. Having lived through many bull and bear market cycles and seen the very first Bitcoin exchange in operation to the latest ICO craze, he has developed a deep understanding of the industry. The disruptive potential of this new and innovative space urged him to found PeerTracks Inc. in 2015 where he implemented his knowledge to design the SounDAC blockchain and its ecosystem. He has been called upon to speak at events and conferences worldwide on the subjects of Blockchains, Fintech, Intellectual Property and music tech.
A native New Yorker with ties to Virginia Beach, Chauncy Jackson has been blazing trails in the entertainment business since he was just sixteen years old. Dabbling in everything from graphic design and magazine publishing to songwriting and management, Jackson has honed his very unique skillset with years of experience both as an executive and an entrepreneur with such respected ventures as Groovevolt.com and Vainstyle Magazine. Now as the President of his own label, Siri Music Group (currently distributed by Universal), Jackson successfully maintains the balance of creative and executive, managing various artists careers, as well as still continuing to be talented songwriter. Over the course of his many years in the business, Jackson has had an award-winning music television program, music magazine and worked on some very impressive music projects via BMG’s Strategic Marketing Team including releases from Whitney Houston, Ciara, Aretha Franklin, TLC, Toni Braxton, Deborah Cox, Annie Lennox, Avril Lavigne, Outkast, Pink, and Usher. Having a first-hand account of both the successes and failures involved in each one of these projects has allowed Jackson the opportunity to continue to evolve and grow within the business, making his experience invaluable. As a songwriter, Jackson is one half of songwriting duo Jackson/Croft (with Kim Croft), having written for or worked with work with some of music’s biggest artists, producers and A&amp;R reps including: Jessica Simpson, Tamia, Katherine McPhee, S. Aurelis (Ashanti, Danity Kane, Day 26), Shea Taylor (Ne-Yo), Troy Oliver (Jennifer Lopez), Troy Taylor (Trey Songz), MDL (Justin Bieber), T-Minus (Drake), Brian Kennedy (Kelly Clarkson), The Chemistri (Wynter Gordon) Deborah Cox etc. As a music industry veteran, Chauncy Jackson is always on the pulse of “what’s next.” Whether it be with musical sounds, streaming, digital, social media, radio or simply just a feeling, Jackson’s ear, mindset and business savvy is always relevant, and uniquely timeless. He is currently working on debut albums from Siri Music Group artists, along with several other ventures and projects with other major labels and their recording artists. “Music is not something you do, it’s who you are. Don’t just do it, live it!” – Chauncy Jackson
Cheryl M. Potts, Founder &amp; CEO of Cleerkut Inc. a software development firm developing innovative solutions for the global entertainment industry.  The company’s first product Cleerkut Royalty is a rights management platform for independent music creators and music professionals. The platform manages both song and sound copyrights for musicians. For over 14 years Ms. Potts has been known in the music industry as a Copyright &amp; Royalty Administrator for independent record labels, songwriters and publishers.  She provides music licensing, copyright registration, royalty accounting, royalty collections and more. She has received numerous RIAA certified gold albums for the projects she worked on on behalf of her clients. She was selected by the U.S. Copyright office to participate in the music licensing study to provide her views on behalf of independent music creators on the effects of music licensing.  Her comments were included in the final music licensing study conducted by the U.S. Copyright Office. In addition to her role as a Copyright &amp; Royalty Administrator, Ms. Potts is also a Software Engineer building Enterprise software solutions for various software companies.  It is with her strong technology background along with her music copyright &amp; royalty administration experience she brings to head up Cleerkut, Inc.  
Chris Denson is an award-winning innovator, marketer, recovering comedian, and host of the Innovation Crush podcast, with over 750,000 subscribers around the world. Having been a guest speaker, curator, and attendee at 100’s of industry events, Chris is an expert at uncovering the best thinking and commonalities across a diverse array of cultures. Applying his expertise to the likes of the White House, Summit Series, and Omnicom Media Group, his work has been featured Adweek, Forbes, the New York Times, and Inc, to name a few. He is also the author of the Amazon #1 best selling book, “Crushing the Box: 10 Essential Rules for Breaking Essential Rules,” a series of personal and professional examinations of what it takes to be an innovator. His career has spanned marketing, media, technology integration and product innovation. With an early background steeped in stand up comedy, screenwriting, and production, Chris conceived Innovation Crush in 2013, launching the series in 2014. He is a graduate of Michigan State University, holds a degree in packaging engineering; spending his first years after college as an engineer for Daimler-Chrysler. As an industry taste-maker, he recently served as Director of Omnicom Media Group’s Ignition Factory, the key group responsible for emerging innovations across media, technology, and culture for Fortune 50 clients including Warner Bros, Wells Fargo, The CW, Hilton, and Asics to name a few. Prior to his work in innovation, Chris worked in front of – and behind the camera for Paramount, BET, Playboy Television, and more. Known as a creative problem solver and idea maker, Chris has worked from Africa to Italy, holding posts alongside several organizations as the Head of Marketing for American Film Institute’s Digital Content Lab, Founder of Genius Effect Media Group, Director of Innovation at The Regan Group, Director of Marketing for the New York Film Academy, to name a few. He has also been a featured speaker and curator at numerous events around the world from SXSW, Global Entrepreneurship Summit, C2 Montreal, and Cannes Lion TV.
Chris has nearly 25 years of experience in the video game, hardware and software, Internet, and cloud gaming industries, and is a seasoned veteran in leading start-ups, growing small to mid-size technology firms, as well as managing successful programs at Fortune 500 companies. He recently joined AMD, and manages the Microsoft Alliance as well as a number of initiatives for the company. Prior to joining AMD, Chris was with PlayFab, founded Elevate Partners, was V.P. of business development &amp; Marketing at CiiNOW, Director of Games and Media at OnLive, Inc., SVP of Marketing and Business Development at Live Gamer, Inc., Director and Group Manager of Games and Graphics for Windows at Microsoft Corporation, has held leadership roles in Developer Relations at NVIDIA Corporation and ATI Research, Inc., and was Executive Producer at The ImagiNation Network and Sierra On-Line. Chris is a regular speaker at industry conferences such as E3, The Game Developers Conference, New York and Los Angeles Game Conferences, the Global Gaming Expo (G2E), CES, as well as many others, and is a member of the Digital Media Wire Advisory Board.  
Artist, economist, developer and serial entrepreneur Christoffer B Wallin is determined to have 300,000 providers of arts &amp; media, to manage, engage and earn at least $3000/month on one of the first functional online marketplaces; Pindify.
Chris Sprigman teaches intellectual property law, antitrust law, competition policy and comparative constitutional law. His scholarship focuses on how legal rules affect innovation and the deployment of new technologies. He is the author of numerous articles both in law reviews in the popular press, as well as a book,  The Knockoff Economy: How Imitation Sparks Innovation  (Oxford 2012), co-authored with Kal Raustiala of the UCLA School of Law. Sprigman received his B.A. with honors from the University of Pennsylvania in 1988. He attended the University of Chicago Law School, serving as a comment editor of the University of Chicago Law Review and graduating with honors in 1993. Following graduation, Sprigman clerked for Judge Stephen Reinhardt of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and for Justice Lourens H. W. Ackermann of the Constitutional Court of South Africa. Sprigman also taught at the law school of the University of the Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa. From 1999 to 2001, Sprigman served as appellate counsel in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, where he worked on U.S. v. Microsoft, among other matters. Sprigman then joined the Washington, D.C., office of King &amp; Spalding, where he was elected a partner. In 2003, he left law practice to become a Residential Fellow at the Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School. He joined the University of Virginia faculty in 2005, and moved from UVA to NYU Law School in 2013.
Chuck  Fletcher is obsessed with creating amazing experiences that cross the line between the digital and physical worlds.  Chuck  has worked as a Technology Director, CTO and Emerging Technology leader for over 25 years for agencies, content creators and startups.   Chuck  spent the previous 3 years in the Emerging Experiences group at Razorfish building experiences and products of the future for brands like Patron, Dr. Scholls and Adobe.  When not working on new experiences for clients,  Chuck  spends this time building robots and FPV Racing Drones.
Mr. Dixon created nScreenMedia as a resource to the Digital Media Industry as it transitions to the new infrastructure for multi-screen delivery. He brings a wealth of knowledge on the Digital TV, Over-the-Top and IPTV spaces from his 17 years working in those industries. Previous to creating nScreenMedia, he was an analyst and partner with The Diffusion Group. Before that he held senior executive positions at Microsoft/WebTV, Liberate and Oracle delivering products and services to the Cable, Satellite and IPTV industries. Mr. Dixon is the author of many reports and opinion pieces including View My Video: Consumer Digital Media Consumption. He holds a Masters Degrees in Electrical Engineering and has post-graduate business education experience from Stanford Mr. Dixon is a frequent speaker and moderator at events such as NAB, CES, IBC, and TV Connect. He is frequently quoted in the media.
Colin is the Founder &amp; Managing Partner of McCafferty &amp; Company. The firm provides leading financial advisory and investment banking services including M&amp;A and Research to the media and technology sectors. Colin founded the company in 2006 and has advised on over $20 billion in transactions over the course of his career. Previously Colin served as Director of Private Equity at Saban Capital Group, a media private equity fund based in Los Angeles. Colin’s finance career began in Goldman Sachs’ Investment Banking Division in New York, where he worked the in Communications, Media and Entertainment Group. His media industry experience began at CBS, working on the 1998 Nagano Winter Olympic Games in Ad Sales, Operations and Production. Colin was nominated for two Emmy Awards for his writing and production work. He also was the Founder and CEO of iHoops.com, a rights holder of national street basketball leagues. Sold to Endgame Entertainment in 2001. Colin has an M.B.A. from Harvard University, B.A. from Miami University (Ohio), and studied abroad at Sophia University in Japan.
Curt Marvis is recognized globally for his vast and successful experience in both traditional and digital media and for his pioneering efforts in digital distribution. Mr. Marvis is currently CEO &amp; Co­-Founder of QYOU. Mr. Marvis previously served as Lionsgate’s President of Digital Media ,  where he helped guide the company’s broad spectrum of digital distribution agreements.  In addition, while at Lionsgate Mr. Marvis successfully launched original content channels, series and games in partnership with YouTube, Hulu and Machinima which early on formed the basis of the digitally distributed series that are being developed by major studios today.
Dae Bogan is a music rights executive, serial entrepreneur and educator with over a decade of experience in the music industry. He is the founder of TuneRegistry, which develops music rights administration software and solutions for small and medium sized music rights-holders. Previously, Dae owned and operated an independent record label (Loft24 Records), a music publishing company (Loft24 Publishing), and an artist management firm (Renaissance Artist Management) until 2012 when he founded an in-store independent music video network (Maven Promo), which was later acquired by EMPIRE Distribution in 2017. Dae also founded the world’s first aggregator and search engine of unclaimed music royalties and licenses (RoyaltyClaim), which was acquired by HAAWK in 2017. Additionally, Dae is an upbeat educator who develops and teaches practical music business curriculum for on campus and off campus programs primarily in the Greater Los Angeles area. Recently recognized in Billboard’s “The 15 Best Music Business Schools In 2017,” Dae teaches the Music Industry Entrepreneurship course at UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music and was an Innovation Fellow at the UCLA Center for Music Innovation. He has also taught at Emerson College and California State University, Northridge. His research into the global music licensing ecosystem has been cited in articles, textbooks and government-commissioned reports around the world. Recently, his work in copyright administration, music publishing, and unclaimed royalties contributed to the United States Congressional Budget Office’s analysis of the economic impact of the proposed Music Modernization Act on U.S. states and firms. Dae holds a B.A. in Sociology from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and an M.A. in Music Industry Administration from California State University, Northridge (CSUN).
Damian Manning is a hacker, investor and serial entrepreneur with 20+ years of commercial innovation and a dedication to creating groundbreaking online experiences. He is a founding venture partner at early-stage capital firm DEV, mentor at ERA and Golden Gate Ventures, and advisor to multiple high-profile startups, including Co-Star, Muserk and Stationhead. With his latest venture HIFI, Damian harnesses the remarkable capabilities of AI to power innovative solutions for the music industry. Previously, Damian was co-founder, CEO and principal architect of Echospin, whose pioneering solutions enabled rights holders to sell digital, physical and mobile goods directly to fans. Acquired in 2010, Echospin powered campaigns for the world’s chart-topping artists, generating millions in revenue for artists, labels, Disney and Live Nation, among others. Earlier in his career, Damian served as Managing Director for Digital Strategy Partners and VP, Digital Media for MTV Networks, where he led global digital strategy when MTV was the top music destination in the world.
Dan Ackerman is a former radio DJ turned journalist. An editor at leading technology news website CNET, he writes about hot-button consumer technology topics, from virtual reality to cybersecurity, and appears regularly as an in-house tech expert on CBS This Morning. He lives in Brooklyn with his family and a large collection of vinyl records. He is the author of the new non-fiction book The Tetris Effect: The Game that Hypnotized the World.
As President of Skybound Interactive, Dan Murray oversees the company’s robust gaming business. He works closely with the industry’s leading publishers, developers and investors to extend Skybound’s IP into mobile and console games. Skybound’s game slate includes Telltale’s The Walking Dead series, Scopely’s The Walking Dead: Road to Survival, Night School’s Oxenfree, Free Range Games’ Labyrinth, Disruptor Beam’s The Walking Dead: March to War, and Other Ocean’s Giant Cop: Justice Above All. In addition, Skybound Interactive has a handful of video game projects in the pipeline including Overkill’s The Walking Dead. Prior to joining Skybound, Dan ran worldwide business development for Foundation 9 Entertainment, the largest independent videogame developer in the world creating franchise-based video games on every major platform. During this tenure he helped close over 60 major video game deals including Killer Instinct and Strider. Dan graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in Finance.
After working as a freelance record and mix engineer in Brisbane, Daniel moved to New York City where he worked as a sound designer in the film &amp; television industry. While in New York, he transitioned to digital strategy and data roles before moving back to Australia in 2013. After working in digital production, Daniel headed up the marketing team at one of Australia’s leading data and analytics agencies, and worked as part of the agency’s transformation from a consultancy to a technology company. In 2016, Daniel founded Paperchain, a decentralized marketplace that allows digital media companies to liquidate their daily transaction revenue through a global investor network.
Daniel Doubrovkine (aka dB.) is a seasoned entrepreneur, technologist, CTO at Artsy.net in New York, the largest online fine art marketplace and publication. Daniel graduated from University of Geneva in late 90s with a degree in Computer Science. Daniel is the creator and maintainer of many popular open-source projects and a lifetime artist.
Daniel E. Schnapp is a partner in the Entertainment and Digital Media Practice Group in the firm’s New York office and Team Leader of the firm’s Technology Transactions Team. Mr. Schnapp provides strategic counsel and transactional support for multinational corporations, as well as midcap and startup companies, in connection with a wide range of legal and policy issues arising out of the convergence of technology, advertising, entertainment and media, electronic commerce, intellectual property (IP), privacy, data breach, information security, and compliance and risk management. Dan writes and lectures extensively on new developments in the areas of digital content distribution and syndication, cloud-based content distribution models, end user-generated content and social networking initiatives, outsourcing, electronic commerce, electronic payment systems, privacy and information security. Dan was selected in 2008 as one of the “Top 50 IP Attorneys Under 45” in IP Law and Business Magazine. He has also been recognized as a top entertainment attorney by Chambers USA, The Legal 500, and Variety Magazine.
Danny is now the founder of ClearTracks, a rights management platform for directly clearing and monetizing rights for commercial uses and user generated content such  as DJ mixes, remixes, gaming,  and web video.  ClearTracks uses smart contracts, music recognition, and crypto payments  to automate faster, cheaper, and more transparent rights transactions than the legacy value chain. This enables artists to keep their rights and retain a greater share of revenue.
David Berkowitz, a three-time marketing  and  strategy chief at digital firms, currently is the principal of his consultancy Serial Marketer. Previously, he led marketing for Storyhunter, the video production marketplace. Prior roles include leadership positions with agencies MRY, 360i, and iCrossing, technology firms Sysomos and Unicast, and research firm eMarketer. He has contributed more than 500 columns to Advertising Age, MediaPost, VentureBeat, Mashable, Adweek, and other publications while appearing regularly in the press. He has penned his own blog since 2005, and he has spoken at more than 350 events globally.
David Clevinger is Senior Director, Product Strategy, Esports and Sports at IBM Watson Media. David is an experienced product leader who has been building integrated OTT solutions, spanning livestreaming, metadata and content management, workflows, and user experiences, for more than 15 years, as both client and vendor. At Watson Media, David is focused on the integration of video, cognitive solutions, and emerging technologies, including blockchain, bringing new machine learning video applications to market, with a focus on sports and esports in international markets. Prior to joining IBM, David was Vice President of Product Management for NeuLion, a member of the senior management team for Universal Sports, and a strategy consultant. David holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Communication Studies &amp; Public Relations from Virginia Tech.
For the better part of the 1990’s and early 2000’s David played in various bands, toured the US, all while working full time in technology. Since moving to New York City in 2008 David put performing behind him to focus on his career in technology. Some of his success includes launching a variety of consumer-based mobile applications &amp; innovative connected car solutions. After many years of success, David decided to make his way back to music and saw an opportunity to use his technical savvy for the good of independent music. A niche market currently being underserved in todays streaming ecosystem.
With more than 40 years of experience in the music and interactive industries, Dick Wingate is Principal, DEV Advisors, an entertainment consulting firm that provides expertise to service providers, app developers, content owners and investors. Wingate has been at the intersection of music and technology from its’ beginnings with in-store interactive systems, to the earliest online music download services to the first downloadable mobile streaming applications. He is also a partner in Big House Music Publishing and has been granted lifetime membership in NARAS (the Grammys). He has served as President, Artist &amp; Entertainment Services for Crowdmix (U.S.), a social network/application enabling people to discover and build relationships via music. In that role, he led the company’s outreach to a broad coalition of music industry stakeholders. Wingate served as President, Media Development &amp; Chief Content Officer for Nellymoser Inc, an early provider of streaming mobile application services, running content, licensing and business development strategy with clients such as Sony, Warner Music, MTV, AT&amp;T, Virgin Mobile &amp; ABC Television. Wingate helped pioneer the digital music business from its infancy as SVP, Content Development at Liquid Audio, Inc, playing an integral role in their 1999 IPO. He was responsible for music licensing, label relations, affiliate management and content marketing and negotiated the first digital distribution catalogue deals with hundreds of record companies including Universal, Warner and EMI Music. His in-depth experience in the recording industry included positions as SVP Marketing, Arista Records (BMG); SVP A&amp;R PolyGram Records; Director. Talent Acquisition, Epic Records; and Director, Product Management, Columbia Records. He has been integrally involved with the careers of artists such as Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Costello, Aimee Mann, Peter Tosh, Eddy Grant, Pink Floyd, Sarah McLachlan and Garland Jeffreys. Wingate has spoken at industry events including Digital Hollywood, CTIA, SXSW, Billboard Live, CDO Summit, Jupiter Plug-In, CMJ, Midem, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse, Business Week, the Music Business Association and Canadian Music Week and has been featured in the  Sunday  NY Times Business section, on the front page of LA Times as well as quoted in the Wall St. Journal, Time Magazine, USA Today, the NY Times Magazine and Billboard Magazine.
Domenic DiMeglio is the Senior Vice President of Distribution and Operations for the CBS Digital Media group at CBS Interactive. He is responsible for running the CBS Audience Network – CBS Interactive’s network of digital distribution partners – managing the EST business, overseeing marketing for CBS Digital Media products and services including CBS All Access and CBSN, and managing the group’s Business Intelligence and Research teams.  In addition, Domenic heads up monetization, ad ops and sales strategy for CBS’s premium online video.  Domenic has held various roles during his ten years at CBS Interactive in both finance and operations. He started his career in KPMG’s technology and entertainment practice and then spent several years in finance at Primedia before joining CBS.  
Doug Robinson is the CEO of FRSH Digital Group, a cutting-edge technology studio based in New York City. Since its inception in 2011, FRSH has created groundbreaking innovations for the connected consumer from voice applications, to mobile apps, to social, to award-winning creative. Doug fearlessly pushes the envelope when it comes to blending creativity and technology to develop new services. He has a proven track record of success, generating new revenue streams in sports, non-profits, auto, travel, healthcare, retail and financial services. Doug’s vision, passion and desire to solve problems by thinking outside the box, makes him an effective and respected leader. His charisma and interpersonal skills allow him to motivate and push his teams to produce outstanding work in new territory. Currently, FRSH is a leading architect in Voice assistants and has deployed over 700 Alexa &amp; Google Home Applications for companies, clients and brands in various verticals. With over 15 years of experience in mobile, voice, and digital executions, Doug brings a wealth of expertise and knowledge with particular strengths in areas such as: – Product development and go-to-market strategies for brands, ad agencies, and startups – Emerging Tech ROI strategies that position clients for long term growth and market leadership – Best of Breed demographic, device and vertical strategy solutions – Creative campaigns that drive user engagement and utility Prior to FRSH Digital Group, Doug served as the VP of Strategy at MEDL Mobile. He was also aDirector of Creative &amp; Strategy at Ansible. For over a decade, he’s helped marketers develop optimized digital campaigns to boost meaningful connections with their consumers. In an industry populated by an alphabet soup of M.B.A.s and PhDs, Doug is a throwback to the dying breed of self-made entrepreneur. Raised in Silicon Valley, he’s been passionate about technology from an early age. After earning a Political Science B.A. from UCLA, he began his quest to champion the digital space. Doug has served as CO-Chair of the Chief Digital Officer Voice Summit, a Mobi Awards Executive Judge, and a professor at Miami Ad School teaching mobile to young award-winning creatives. Fresh Digital Group won the North America Red Herring Top 100 this year, won the 2014 iMedia ASPY Award for Best New Technology and was a 2015 iMedia Mobile Agency of the Year finalist. Doug is a top speaker and thought leader globally, focusing on our industry-leading Amazon Alexa development prowess and voice behavioral data platform.
Drew Silverstein is the CEO and co-founder of Amper Music. Founded in 2014, Amper Music combines the highest levels of artistry with groundbreaking technology to empower anyone to create unique, professional music, instantly. He is part of the Forbes class of 2018 “30 Under 30” list for music. Prior to Amper Music, Drew was an award-winning composer, producer, and songwriter for film, television, and video games in Los Angeles at Sonic Fuel Studios. Drew graduated from Vanderbilt University’s Blair School of Music, where he studied Music Composition and Italian, and holds an MBA from Columbia Business School.  
Drew Waters currently serves as Vice President at VEVA Sound. He was formerly VP of Studio Operations, Archives and Strategy at Capitol Records/EMI and VP of Archives at Universal Music Group. Drew holds a Ph.D. from NYU and has served in various capacities in the SUNY, CSU systems and private institutions of higher education as Assistant Professor, Chair and Dean.
Edward Klaris is the Managing Partner of Klaris Law PLLC, a media and intellectual property law firm, and he is C.E.O. of KlarisIP LLC, a consulting and managed services firm specializing in intellectual property rights &amp; royalty management, digital asset management and master data management. Ed has been an adjunct professor of law at Columbia Law School since 2005 where he teaches media and intellectual property law. Ed serves on the Communications Committee of Human Rights Watch and is a member of the Communications Law Committee of the New York City Bar Association. For more than eight years, Ed was Senior Vice President of Intellectual Property Assets &amp; Rights at Condé Nast, where he led a group of about 50 people managing and monetizing all of the company’s media assets worldwide. Ed was General Counsel of The New Yorker for more than six years; he was Media Counsel at ABC, Inc.; and he started his career defending media and entertainment companies against libel, privacy, newsgathering, copyright, and other claims in courts around the country. Ed was the Chair of the Communications Law Committee of the NY State Bar, and was Chairman of the Board of Pilobolus Dance Theater for thirteen years.
Eric is a 30-year veteran of the game, consumer online, and wireless data industries, serving in capacities ranging from game designer to executive. Eric is or has been a board member of, advisor or consultant to Art+Craft, AT&amp;T Wireless, Bandai Namco, BBC Worldwide ,  Centerscore, Digital Chocolate, Electronic Arts, FremantleMedia, Gaia Online, Goldman Sachs, Lifetime, Mforma, Moloon, Openwave, PaymentOne, PickTeams, Pixelberry, Playdom, PlaySpan, PullString (fka ToyTalk), SEGA, Square Enix, Thumbplay, Unplugged, Vindigo, Warner Music, Wireless Generation (dba Amplify), and three US venture capital firms. Eric was most recently the President and Co-Founder of Unplugged, for which he secured distribution with four of the five largest North American carriers. Previously, he served as President and Founder of Crossover Technologies, one of the first consumer online companies, for which he secured AOL, BMG, Discovery Channel, Intel, Microsoft, Prodigy (IBM/Sears/CBS joint venture), Random House, Sony, Time Warner, and Viacom as clients and distribution partners; and, prior to that, as President of West End Games, the adventure game company for which he published, among 40+ titles, Star Wars, Ghostbusters, Star Trek, and Junta. His award-winning games include Paranoia, Tales of the Arabian Nights, The Tom Peters Business School in a Box, and MadMaze, the first online game to draw one million players. He is a three-time winner of the Origins Award for Best Role-Playing Game and a two-time winner of the Game Designers Guild Select Award. Eric is a regular speaker at the major North American games, wireless and online conferences, including CTIA, MECCA, Internet World, The Conference Board, DMW, GDC, GDC Mobile, MES, AGC, MGC, LA Games Conference, and E3, and has served as a programs advisor or advisory board member for the latter six conferences. He was previously a board member for the New York New Media Association and New York University’s Center for Advanced Digital Applications.
Eugene Mopsik has a long and distinguished record as an advocate for photographers and other visual artists and served as the Executive Director of the American Society of Media Photographers (ASMP) from 2003 to 2014. He is a passionate supporter of artists’ rights, earning him a high level of respect from artists’ organizations, publishers, industry partners, lawmakers and government agencies in the US and globally. Mopsik has participated in US Patent and Trademark Office hearings on Copyright Policy, Creativity, and Innovation in the Information Economy and delivered papers on Copyright and Collective Licensing at the Columbia University Kernochan Center. He has presented testimony to the House Committee on the Judiciary regarding the Role of Copyright, and participated in a symposium at the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology on the Future of Copyright. Currently, Mopsik advises American Photographic Artists (APA) on advocacy issues, serves as CEO and board member of ASCRL (American Society for Collective Rights Licensing), serves as Treasurer of The Fabric Workshop and Museum, and serves on the Copyright Alliance board.  He also serves as vice-chair and founding board member of the PLUS Coalition (Picture Licensing Universal System). Prior to his position at ASMP, his career was as a successful Philadelphia corporate/industrial photographer having graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. IMAGE CREDITS: Cliff Hausner  
Based out of New-York, Fabrice is a tech entrepreneur with experiences in the music and digital media industries. He has spent 10 years in Europe and equal time in the US, leading 2 start-ups from inception to $100m+ in revenues.  Fabrice is also a director of the Mobile Giving Foundation since 2009, serving 800 charities in the US and Canada. Sergent launched his first start-up as Founder and CEO of Club-Internet, one of the very first French consumer Internet Service Provider (ISP). Club-Internet was sold to Deutsche Telekom’s T-Online for  €1.2 billion in 2000 with close to one million subscribers when he left the company.  He has spoken at prominent music and tech events including Pollstar Touring Conference, Midem, REVOLT Music Conference, DLD, MWC’s 4YFN and the Glimpse Social Discovery Conference. In 2018, Fast Company chose Fabrice as one of their top 100 most creative people in business.
G. Thomas Esmay serves as the Director of Business Development at SingularDTV, a blockchain entertainment studio. Esmay is a New York-based filmmaker &amp; educator. He has worked on a variety of documentaries, live broadcasts, and short films, including the Susan Sarandon-produced BOMBSHELL: THE HEDY LAMARR STORY; BBC Politics’ live coverage of the 2015 UK general election, and a sci-fi short shot entirely in an abandoned nuclear power plant. Prior to his career in entertainment, Esmay taught mathematics. Esmay most recently worked at a large talent agency, but left to join the blockchain revolution and bring the transparency and logic of mathematics to the entertainment industry.
Gabrielle Gibbs is a Global Marketing Communications Manager, overseeing advertising insight marketing programs at Facebook. Since joining Facebook in 2014, she has helped to launch Facebook IQ, a digital insight channel, and activated consumer, creative and cross-channel research through thought leadership programs such as “Drive Action Effectively on Mobile”, “Why Creativity Matters More in the Age of Mobile” to “Demystifying Measurement: Why Methodology Matters”. Prior to Facebook, Gabrielle’s perspective on advertising and media was formed by a decade of work experience at Nielsen and Parade Magazine in roles that spanned Business Development, Communications, Marketing and Media Product Leadership. This background has led her to become a creative, data curious, result-oriented marketing communication professional. Gabrielle holds a BA in Business Administration from Franklin and Marshall College and a MS in Integrated Marketing Communications from Medill, Northwestern University.
Georgii Speakman is an Australian who has been living and working in Los Angeles, CA for the past five years. Since arriving in LA (beg. 2013), Georgii has worked with startups: Playing an instrumental role in building companies from scratch and/or establishing new divisions within existing companies – predominantly across entertainment, disruptive innovation, media and new technologies; in strategic business development, global marketing, brand strategy and public relations. Georgii’s skill set that spans across ten years of strategy, business development, project management, marketing (general), influencer marketing, content marketing, PR, social media, communications, organizational development, branding and writing. Set to officially launch startup OUT.LI.ER by end of 2018; Georgii has otherwise been working with blackpills as their Global VP of Marketing – establishing the marketing team and division from scratch; developing all foundational material for the brand (internally and externally) as it pertained to marketing, communications and PR. Prior, Georgii played an instrumental role in establishing from the ground up, and launching “Vol. 4” for ROC Nation as Director of Strategic Business Development: A new creative + consultancy agency. Georgii worked as the LA Business Director for brand consultancy, the projects*, having helped the business transition from events into global influence marketing with an experiential influencer lens. Formerly, Georgii worked with IZEA (the largest influencer marketing network in the (USA) – home to over 300K + influencers, across all leading social channels, including celebrities, athletes, musicians, reality TV stars, YouTubers, Bloggers, etc) as the Director of Influencer Marketing (Entertainment) – launching their first time west coast entertainment arm. Prior to LA, Georgii accumulated in excess of 8 + years experience across PR, marketing, communications, brand consultancy, business development and social media; with startups, agencies through to Fortune 100 brands. Georgii has spoken at workshops and on panels addressing subjects within the disruptive media / tech / entertainment / influencer space (for Digital Hollywood, Digital LA, Digital Entertainment World Expo, Silicon Beach Festival, Ambition, Northern Sound System), and holds advisory roles for ILA Global, Upper Diamond, and SAMO VR. Philanthropy has always been and will continue to be a passion; having worked with, spoken to, served, mentored and sponsored groups, such as Sunrise Children’s Association (Nepal), Ambition Entrepreneurial Program (LA), The Smith Family (AUS) and A Place Called Home (LA). Panels: ‘Digital LA’ at the famous ‘House of Blues’ (Actors and Musicians looking to ‘socialize their careers and monetize their platforms’); DEW – the ‘Digital Entertainment World Expo’ 2015 (‘Is Silicon Beach hyper reality or fact?’); at ‘Digital Hollywood’ on topic of (‘Growing Revenue + Users: Content, Marketing &amp; Tech Trends across Social, Mobile, MCN’s and Influencers’); at ‘Silicon Beach Festival’ 2015 on topic of (‘Start-Up Marketing’); and on two Fall 2015 ‘Digital Hollywood’ panels – (‘Growing Revenue &amp; Users: Tech Start-Up’s’) and (‘The Powerful Female Consumer Demographic and How It Influences Digital Media’), Hosted by Alliance for Women in Media Socal. Georgii Moderated the Fireside chat with Freya Estreller &amp; Natasha Case called “Don’t Believe The Hype: Entrepreneurship Unfiltered” for the Worthy Women 2016 Conference, LA and was recently hand selected by Audrey Bellis (Founder, Worthy Women Conference) as an inaugural 100 #WomenofWorth. Personal inspirations include photography, travel, art, architecture, music, film and television, urban culture; being exposed to incredible ideas and innovation in and around Silicon Beach, and being influenced by genuine game-changers and shape shifters of culture, community, business and the arts. Georgii is qualified with a Bachelor of Business Communications and Film &amp; Television, majoring in Corporate Communications and Marketing, and has near completed a Masters in Arts (Writing).
Grady Miller is a media and entertainment insights expert at National Research Group, a leading market research consultancy based in Los Angeles. Grady specializes in applying innovative research methods to tackle strategic challenges for Hollywood studios, next-generation content creators, and technology leaders. Grady is a graduate of USC’s School of Cinematic Arts and Marshall School of Business.
Gretchen Tibbits is a media executive with over 25 years of general management, strategy, branding, acquisition, and finance &amp; operations experience in both digital and traditional media. Most recently Tibbits was the President and Chief Operating Officer of LittleThings which she took to a sale in 2018. At LittleThings, her responsibilities included oversight and mentoring of the 100+ person team in conjunction with the CEO; acting as spokesperson at national and international conferences and to the press; launching the Direct Sales strategy; leading board relations and management of finance &amp; operations; and establishing strategic relationships with other major media companies. Tibbits has worked for a diverse group of companies, including Hearst Business Media, StyleCaster, Maxim, ESPN, WorkingWomanNetwork, and Inc. Recently named as a Folio 100 and Digital Hall of Fame honoree, she holds an M.B.A. in Finance and Management from NYU, where she was a Stern Scholar, and a B.A. from the University of Virginia, where she was an Echols Scholar and a Lawn Resident, and for which she serves on a number of volunteer boards. She is a proud resident of Harlem, a theater lover, a wine collector, and an avid traveler. Gretchen Tibbits was the President &amp; Chief Operating Officer of LittleThings until the brand was sold in in April of 2018. Under her leadership, the brand became the leading women’s lifestyle site, driven by video creation and distribution. At its peak, the company received 900+ million distributed views per month and 50+ million, click-to-play onsite video views per month. She was key to their establishment of distribution partnerships across social, other digital properties, apps, and OTT platforms. She will lead a broad-reaching interactive discussion around all things video.
Hale chairs the Investment Committee of Manatt Venture Fund, based in Los Angeles.  Manatt Venture Fund is the investment arm of Manatt, Phelps &amp; Phillips, a multidisciplinary, integrated national professional services firm.  Manatt Venture Fund makes early-stage investments in a range of companies and funds, with a particular emphasis on companies in the digital media, fintech and healthtech areas.  Recent investments include companies involved in VR/AR production, digital rights management, e-commerce, mobile banking, digital health and mobile video.  Since its founding in 2000, Manatt Venture Fund has made investments in over 100 companies and funds. Hale also serves as division head of Manatt’s Media, Technology and Advertising division and as chair of the firm’s Venture Capital and Emerging Companies practice.
Harold Goldberg has written for these magazines and newspapers: The New York Times, The New York Times Book Review, Vanity Fair, Talk, Radar, The Atlantic, The Washington Post, Entertainment Weekly, Time Digital, USA Today, Family Circle, Boys’ Life, Wired, Esquire, Playboy, New York, Smart Money, The Village Voice, 7 Days, Rolling Stone, Travel and Leisure, Interview, Slate/The Big Money, The Industry Standard, Cosmopolitan, Kotaku, and others. In 2000, Goldberg won the Western Publishers Award (the Maggie) for Best Feature Article, beating Wired and 85 other fine entries. The year before, the issue of ID magazine Goldberg wrote and edited as guest writer/editor was part of a package that won a Folio Award. In May, 2004, William Morrow published “My Life Among The Serial Killers,” which Harold Goldberg co-authored with world renowned psychiatrist Dr. Helen Morrison. In addition to the U.S. editions, the books have recently been published in the U.K., Canada, Japan, France, Germany, Spain, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, and elsewhere. It was serialized in the Times of London and was a selection of seven book clubs, including the Today Show book club. From 2006 to 2008, he was a writer/consultant to Viacom’s videogame sites, including VH1 Games, Comedy Central Games and CMT Games. He also created the critically lauded VH1 Game Break blog, which was featured in Newsweek. He developed its irreverent tone (including the Idiot of the Week feature), culled prizes for contests and wrote five pieces each day for two years. In 2007, he began to write for the American Movie Classics Web site, shaping content and interviewing directors and actors for a new generation of viewers of shows like “Mad Men” and “Breaking Bad.” Here, he wrote seven pieces daily about movies and popular culture. He was the first person to write about videogames for AMC. He also improved the site’s voice, brought in established writers, developed a payment structure and made certain that movie companies supported the site. In 2008 as a writer, he helped to launch a landmark gaming site called Crispy Gamer, the only one that refused ads from video game companies. Sadly, it imploded in 2010. As the former editor in chief of Sony Online Entertainment, Harold Goldberg helped to shape the words for dozens of games, including “EverQuest,” one of Time magazine’s best games of 2000. At Sony, he created “Motherboard,” an online magazine about the culture of games featuring famed writers like Michael Crichton, Nick Tosches and John Saul. Also contributing were actress Michelle Williams, director Gus Van Sant and animator Bill Plympton. Goldberg was one of the original videogame reviewers for Wired and Entertainment Weekly and is currently the videogame critic for Boys’ Life. As a syndicated newspaper columnist for three years, Goldberg penned a weekly column called “Gameplay of the Week.” On April 5, 2011, Random House published All Your Base Are Belong to Us, How 50 Years of Videogames Conquered Pop Culture. It is based upon 200 interviews and many hours of unprecedented access to Sam Houser within Rockstar Games New Headquarters. James Ledbetter, editor in charge at Reuters.com, says the book is “a story that is as riveting and addictive as the games (Goldberg) writes about.” Matt Helguson, senior editor of Game Informer, says “if you’re one of the millions of people who have fallen in love with videogames, this is required reading.” And Ken Levine, creative director at Irrational Games, the makers of BioShock, says “Harold Goldberg’s portrait of a weird, often dysfunctional and amazing videogame industry makes a great, great read.” In October, 2011, Goldberg joined forces with Emmy Award winner musician Anton Sanko, twice-Oscar-nominated animator Bill Plympton and Steven Spielberg/Sam Raimi storyboard artist Dave Lowery. Together, they created the online movie event, Playing With Fire. In 2012, Goldberg became a regular contributor to the New York Times culture section. He is also a consultant for the Tribeca Film Festival. In 2015, Goldberg became a contributing critic at The Washington Post. In 2015 into 2016, Goldberg was featured in four documentaries, including one for the National Geographic Channel and another for Business Insider. Goldberg founded The New York Videogame Critics Circle in 2011. He oversees a talented, multicultural group of 35 writers and critics. Hundreds of thousands have watched the New York Game Awards stream in the five years of its existence. The show is hosted by Comedy Central’s The Daily Show and features guest like Wyclef Jean – along with the world’s best game makers.
He played a leading role in the transition from physical products to digital music delivery. In 1996, he co-founded a2b music; a pioneering distribution service using audio and security technologies from AT&amp;T. Over his 20 year career at Bell Labs, he led teams developing retail and call center management software, speakerphones, cellular phones, and videophones. Howie received PhD (’79) and MS (’77) degrees in Operations Research from Cornell and a BS degree in Computer Science/Math from Stony Brook.
Ina Burke is the Vice President of Original Content for iHeartMedia’s Entertainment Enterprises. She oversees the creation of original and branded short form video content and programs iHeartRadio’s YouTube and Snapchat Discover channels using interviews with recording artists, original sketches with iHeartRadio talent and more. Burke’s team reflects the evolving state of short form digital content and includes hybrid roles that require creatives to be experts in technology, innovation and production. Burke has over 15 years of experience in production and content strategy.
Jackson is a fully bilingual entrepenuer. Originally from NY, he lived in China for over ten years and completed a masters degree (all coursework in Chinese) from Peking University. He is partnered in the music technology company Soundchains. Soundchains is pioneering a new type of audio ID technology which can be embedded inside music and links to smart contracts, copyright information, social media, e-commerce or advertising. Soundchains is a blockchain based, artist-to-fan music distribution platform. Their clients include the Summer Sonic music festival, the Asian Grammy Awards, 3X platinum grammy award winning producer Luney Tunez and many more. Jackson is involved in both product development and business development for Soundchains. Jackson is also a signed hip-hop artist who has toured in 6 countries. He has appeared on the acclaimed TV show The Rap Of China (200 million views per episode) and his song with Donny Arcade “No Surrender” charted on four Billboard charts. While living in Beijing, Jackson founded and managed an independent music production studio where he did executive music production for countless artists as well as for his first two albums. Jackson is a lover of all genres of music and believes in the democratization of the music industry.
Jacob Pace’s brief, beguiling path to his current position as CEO of Flighthouse, a company positioned to be the next big content brand for Generation Z, is illustrative of just how forward thinking and fearless this 19-year-old executive is. Pace, a native of El Paso, Texas, isn’t one to sit back and let opportunities come to him, or even dip his toe into industry waters with a traditional a post-college internship.  “My first step into the music business was when I was 14, starting a YouTube channel to help artists promote their music,” he says from Flighthouse headquarters in Hollywood, CA. Soon after his YouTube experience, he started writing for the one of the world’s most influential dance music publications, EDM Sauce, telling the publication that he was 24, ten years older than he actually was. That led to freelance publicity work for a number of independent labels, all while Pace was still in high school. Eventually he met Alexandre Williams an indie label head and artist manager who needed some PR work done for one of his artists, a Gold Top single featuring Soulja Boy.  Pace performed well for the artist and a friendship between the two young aspiring music moguls was formed. In 2015, Williams joined his childhood friend Jonathan Strauss to form a new enterprise, Create Music Group, an innovative full stack music company based in Los Angeles.  Knowing about Jacob’s work ethic, he convinced him to come join them in Los Angeles. “He told me he needed a few months to finish school before coming to work with us at Create,” said Williams. “I just assumed he meant college, not high school!” It was while at Create that Jacob ran across Flighthouse, the music discovery channel on the video app musical.ly , a favorite among teenage music fans.  With more than 16 Million fans, Flighthouse is one of the largest destinations on musical.ly and drives more than a Billion views per month. “I initially saw Flighthouse, which at the time had about 5 million followers, as a great tool to promote the artists we worked with at Create,” says Pace.  “But after digging into it, Jonathan and I quickly realized that Flighthouse had huge potential to become a bigger brand.” Since acquiring the channel, Jacob and his team have grown its following by more than 3X, and have just launched a Flighthouse YouTube channel.  Major labels are beginning to tap into Flighthouse to promote their releases, with outreach to major brands being planned for the near future. Jacob and his bosses at Create Music Group see Flighthouse as the next major content brand for teens and hope to unveil original programming for the brand on its YouTube channel later this year. “We see Flighthouse as the content brand for Generation Z,” says Pace.  And while, some would say those aspirations are lofty goals for a nascent content channel, experience shows that no one should bet against Jacob Pace.  After all he’s already put in his 10,000 hours and he can’t even get a legal drink.
Jacob Varghese is an entrepreneurial technology and media leader. He is the founder of Noctil – a cloud transformation company. The matchIQ solution help artists, musicians, and producers to collect millions of unidentified royalties by harnessing the power of Machine Learning technology. Prior to Noctil, Jacob served as technology transformation evangelist and a leader in the Telecom, Media and Entertainment industry. During this period, he helped several Collective Management Organizations around the world. Jacob has led an initiative to create a Global Shared Database of Sound Recording and Audio Visual Catalogs. Jacob has a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and a Postgraduate Graduation Diploma in Computer Application.
Jared is an eight-year Google veteran with a particular focus on growing early-stage products. He currently leads commercialization for Google’s AR/VR team in New York City and is responsible for defining the business strategy and scaling solutions to customers globally. Previously, he worked at YouTube where he launched new ad formats and oversaw business operations for Google’s video network. He began his career at Google managing advertiser relationships with Fortune 500 customers in the Travel and B2B industry.
Jason   Sklar  is a Managing Director at Shamrock Capital Advisors. Prior to joining Shamrock in 2015,  Jason  was an Executive Director with J.P. Morgan’s Entertainment Industries Group where he raised and managed a multi-billion dollar portfolio of leading filmed entertainment, television, music and media distribution companies. He also previously worked as an Associate at Bank of America and as an Analyst at Arthur Andersen LLP.  Jason  graduated magna cum laude from the University of Arizona and earned his MBA from the University of Southern California’s Marshall School of Business.
Prior joining Mass Appeal Records, he served as President &amp; General Manager of Balcony TV, an online music network startup funded by Lerer Ventures, Greycroft Partners and Polaris Partners. In 2014, he guided the successful sale of the company to The Orchard, a Sony Music subsidiary. Prior to joining Balcony TV, he served as Vice President of Music for National Geographic Global Media and oversaw all music related matters for National Geographic. This entailed management of five distinct business functions: managing Nat Geo Music – a Grammy award winning record label and music video channel with carriage in Europe, Asia and South America; overseeing  NatGeoMusic.net  – a comprehensive music website featuring over 100 different genres of music by artists representing over 125 different countries; music supervision for National Geographic’s film and television properties; and administration of the publishing rights to over 22k music copyrights. Jeff’s music career took off in the mid ‘90’s when he co-founded DCide Records, a DC based independent record label. DCide developed a diverse roster of artists including: TRUSTcompany – whose RIAA Gold-certified debut, “The Lonely Position of Neutral” was released via a joint venture with Geffen Records; Nothingface – standard bearers of the late 90’s nu-metal explosion who went on to sell sold over 250,000 records worldwide; Cherrywine – the critically acclaimed solo record from Ishmael Butler, aka Butterfly of the platinum-selling, Grammy Award-winning hip-hop group Digable Planets. Jeff earned a BA in Economics from Tufts University and currently resides in Maplewood, NJ with his wife and 3 children ages 15, 13 and 9. 
As Chief Media Officer of iCrossing, Jeff is tasked with overseeing iCrossing’s media efforts across the U.S. He brings deep expertise, demonstrated leadership, and comprehensive knowledge to the agency. A seven-year Publicis Media veteran, Jeff joins iCrossing from Blue 449, where he led digital strategy and investment as executive vice president, managing director, digital. While with Publicis he also served in senior digital leadership positions with Zenith and GroupM. Prior to joining Publicis he spent over five years as vice president, marketing for Sony Corporation of America.
In his role as Chief Business Officer, Jeff is responsible for growing and managing Pluto TV’s portfolio of partnerships, strategically positioning the company to achieve its audience and revenue objectives, and identifying and executing key growth initiatives.  Mr. Shultz has spent nearly his entire 20+ year career at the intersection of media and technology. He has held senior digital business development roles at major broadcast media companies including NBC and most recently as SVP of Business Development for CBS. He has also held top roles at Internet TV startups including Clicker and Concert TV, which he co-founded. He began his career as a lawyer for Linklaters in London after receiving his law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.
Jeff Zuchowski, Vice President of Industry Relations and Artist Marketing at Pandora, has been one of the music industry’s most visionary leaders for over two decades. Since joining Pandora, the world’s most powerful music discovery platform, in 2012 he has been a driving force in developing the company’s relationships with, and programs for, every facet of the industry. With an engaging and creative eye toward strategic digital management and innovative marketing initiatives, Jeff Z (as he is commonly known within the industry) navigated several entertainment corporations through everything from fresh start-ups and challenging turnarounds to impressive high-growth cycles. In his role as Senior Director of Artist Strategy at Pandora, Zuchowski forged creative partnerships with established and emerging artists including Imagine Dragons, Nick Jonas, Fall Out Boy, Rita Ora, Fifth Harmony, Tori Kelley and Florida Georgia Line. In 2015, he was promoted to Vice President of Industry Relations. Skilled at developing strategies for engaging with the listening audience as well as adapting to the ever-evolving music industry, in 2017 he was part of a team that established a partnership with  Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon musical director and Roots drummer Questlove to launch Pandora’s “Questlove Supreme” music and interview show. Zuchowski’s high-profile career began when he was hired by Z100 radio in New York. A move to Miami followed, working alongside Island Records founder Chris Blackwell and MTV co-founder Les Garland at cutting-edge music-video broadcaster The Box. He then returned to New York in 1996, as Music Director for iHeartMedia’s iconic WKTU, eventually becoming Program Director during his 11-year tenure. Just prior to joining Pandora, in 2010 he was named Vice President and Director of Programming at Goom Radio, a mobile Internet service launched in France offering branded-content radio stations. He has also done consulting work throughout his career. Twice recognized as one of “40 Under 40” in the music industry, he is also a three-time winner of Billboard’s Music Director of the Year award. He currently serves on the National Board of Directors for the T.J. Martell Found  
Jesse is a graduate from Union College with a dual degree in Computer Science and Economics. Jesse entered the music industry at ID&amp;T North America where he spent two months as the managing director of marketing for TomorrowWorld as an intern and then as the managing director of Cashless payments at SFX Entertainment; conducting research into the future of visitor event identification. In the beginning of 2015, Jesse joined ConsenSys and started working on Ujo Music. Jesse has spoken at conferences and events around the world including SXSW, The Golden Melody Awards in Taiwan, Blockchain Valley in Switzerland, and more. Additionally, Jesse is a co-founder of Ethereal as he understands the importance of bridging the digital/physical boundaries and providing meaningful experiences.
Jesse Kirshbaum has been in the trenches of the music business for over a decade. He started his career finding and developing talent. In fact, he worked with some of the biggest and most relevant artists of modern times. Jesse as extensive experience securing talent for concerts, tours and endorsement deals for his various clients and brand partners internationally. The same way he is known for helping break artists, he now focuses on building robust strategies and campaigns for big &amp; emerging brands that wish to breaking into the mainstream zeitgeist.  He founded Nue Agency (a creative boutique, named to Inc Mag’s 500 list as the 3rd fastest growing Media Company in America) to sit at the center of culture, brands and technology. He is the host of Hot 97’s web series “Hot In Tech” and is an authority in music tech culture, as well as the executive producer of the hit digital series #CRWN.  Jesse writes and curates Beats and Bytes, one of the best weekly newsletters in entertainment. Sign up for it at  www.NueAgency.com
Jessica is a 10+ year veteran of the music industry and advocate for gender equality that currently serves as CEO of Cosynd, an essential toolkit for creators that allows them to register their content with the U.S. Copyright Office and to easily create copyright ownership agreements with their collaborators. With Cosynd, collaborators can reach a consensus about who owns their content, how it can be used, and more through a simple, guided automated process. Jessica also serves as President of Women in Music – the longest running and largest non-profit for women in the music industry that provides resources to thousands of professionals. Previously, Jessica led strategic traditional licensing opportunities for music micro-licensing pioneers Rumblefish, where she structured distribution networks in Africa, South America, Asia, Europe, New Zealand, and Australia. Jessica also served as the Manager of Digital Content Licensing for the performing rights organization SESAC. Jessica also sits on the advisory board of other non-profits and startups in the music/entertainment industry.
JJ is an experienced music industry executive and a successful tech entrepreneur. At Splice, JJ is responsible for developing relationships with external music companies, and overseeing Splice’s partnerships with established and emerging artists. He joined Splice after its acquisition of Indaba Music, where he had served as CEO. Prior, he was EVP of Sony Music Entertainment’s Commercial Music Group. Mr. Rosen joined Sony in 2002 when the company he co-founded, Run Tones, was acquired to serve as the foundation for Sony Music’s mobile music business. Prior to that, Mr. Rosen was the co-founder and a President of N2K Inc., a publicly traded music company that was merged into CDNow and then acquired by Bertelsmann. Mr. Rosen holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Economy from Tulane University, and an MBA in Finance from Rutgers University.
Joan  E. Solsman focuses on the intersection of technology and media. Previously a reporter at the Wall Street Journal, she has reported everywhere from refugee camps in Serbia to Disneyland.
Johanna Salazar is the Co-Founder and Chief Media Disrupter at Two Goats, Inc. With over 17 years of experience in TV Production, Content Strategy and Format Development, she has a history of launching Linear and Digital networks for US and Global Audiences. Johanna has produced and developed multi-million dollar productions, integrated new and emerging technologies into creative storytelling, and loves making sense of data. Formerly, Vice President of Production Planning &amp; Operations at Viacom, for the following brands: MTV, VH1, LOGO, Comedy Central, SPIKE (now Paramount Network), CMT &amp; TV Land. Johanna has also worked with Youtube, Cirque Du Soleil, Food Network, launched the Miami Chapter of Young Women Social Entrepreneurs and in 2010 received an MBA from Florida International University.
John Funge is CEO and Co-Founder of The Music Fund that aims to democratize human creativity by applying machine learning and statistical techniques to develop a broader and fairer market for music royalties. Prior to The Music Fund, John led a team of data scientists, machine learning experts and data engineers in Winton’s SF office. John developed several new data sets that led to the creation of a successful new fund. Previously, John was Co-founder and CTO at Knack. Knack analyzes gameplay data from mobile games to let people find their talent, broadcast their potential, and connect them with educational opportunities and jobs. Prior to Knack, John was Director of Engineering at Netflix where his roles included leading the Streaming Insights group, leading development of Netflix Instant Streaming for key platforms like the Nintendo Wii, and member of the patent committee. Before Netflix, John was Co-founder and AI Researcher at AiLive. AiLive provided entertainment to 100M+ households with Wii and PlayStation motion control and created the Nintendo Wii MotionPlus which went on to become the best-selling after-market game peripheral or all time. John is also the author of 3 books on Game AI, holds 17 patents, has a PhD from the University of Toronto, an MSc from Oxford University and was an Adjunct Professor at the University of California Santa Cruz for 6 years.
John Lasker, vice president of digital media programming for ESPN, is responsible for leading efforts to maximize ESPN’s rights, audience reach and revenue opportunities on existing digital content offerings and platforms including ESPN+, ESPN3, ESPN On Demand and DMVPD touch points.  He works closely with the ad sales, affiliate sales &amp; marketing, consumer marketing, digital &amp; print media and technology teams in identifying new content, audience and product opportunities to support ESPN’s global distribution and strategy efforts. Lasker joined ESPN in 1999 as a supervisor of sales planning.  He advanced to account sales executive in 2002 and manager of program planning just one year later , before assuming programming and acquisitions responsibility for digital media in 2006. Prior to ESPN, he worked at Zenith Media in New York as a media buyer. A native of Brooklyn, N.Y., Lasker graduated from Marist College in 1997 with a degree in psychology.  
As President of Market Development at Triton Digital, John Rosso oversees Business Development, Sales, and Marketing operations. In this role, John helps clients successfully execute their digital audio strategies through the provision of Triton’s innovative tools and services. Prior to joining Triton Digital, John held a number of positions in the broadcasting industry, most recently as President of Citadel Media, one of the largest commercial radio networks, where he directed all activities and achieved significant operational and financial performance improvement. John has also held senior roles in sales, affiliate marketing, and technology at the ABC Radio division of The Walt Disney Company. A frequent speaker on the topics of streaming audience measurement and ad technology, John is active in a wide array of broadcasting and digital media industry initiatives and serves as a member of the board of directors of the Radio Advertising Bureau.
John Sutyak has been an executive in the game industry for over 20 years and has been involved in gaming for over 25. He has designed, sourced and acquired games, licenses, brands and businesses during the most dynamic periods in the digital game business. John started his digital career as one of the founding members of Hasbro Interactive (HI), the interactive gaming arm of Hasbro Corporation where he served as Chief Creative Officer establishing vision and new product direction. He was responsible for company-wide acquisitions and managing relationships with major licensors in the entertainment industry. He led HI in the acquisition of Atari and was involved in the purchase of Microprose as well as other publishers, brands and development studios. John joined the leading global video game agency Digital Development Management in 2009, and continues to source and create relationships between companies, exceptional talent, and brands in the game and entertainment industry. His ability to identify, source, and bring together parties with corresponding creative and business goals is the core of John’s strength. He leads his clients in creating unique business and development strategy, informed by his knowledge, experience, and spirit of entrepreneurship. Among other projects, John is currently helping his clients navigate the AR and VR space, expanding their influence into new gaming and entertainment experiences and technologies.
Jon Bahr serves as the VP of Creator Services at leading independent music distributor and artist services company, CD Baby. Bahr leads CD Baby’s Artist Relations, Music Service Relations, Publishing administration unit – which represents more than 900,000 compositions for over 145,000 songwriters – and directs CD Baby’s licensing business of 3 million pre-cleared songs for music licensing. Prior to joining CD Baby in 2016, Bahr worked at ASCAP for over a decade where he was most recently Senior Director of Marketing &amp; Communications overseeing ASCAP’s advertising, sponsorships, member benefit partnerships and marketing campaigns. He was a creator and executive producer of the successful annual ASCAP “I Create Music” EXPO conference. Bahr was instrumental in driving the success of ASCAP’s 100th birthday integrated marketing campaign, including the star-studded commissioned film, Why We Create Music. Prior to ASCAP, Bahr worked at music booking agencies Artist Group International and Ted Kurland Associates, Emcee Artist Management, Newport Folk and Jazz Festivals, and Ben Cohen of Ben &amp; Jerry’s organization True Majority. He also managed indie rock band, The Slip. Bahr graduated from Williams College with a degree in Economics.
Jonathan Skogmo is Founder and CEO of Jukin Media, a global digital media company built on the belief that the future of storytelling is user generated. Skogmo has been named to The Hollywood Reporter’s Next-Gen 35 Under 35 list, the Cynopsis “Digital It” list, and the Multichannel News 40 Under 40 list; in April 2016 he was dubbed the “King of Viral Video” by VideoInk. Skogmo has produced more than two hundred hours of linear TV programming for networks such as FOX, MTV Networks, Discovery, TruTV, and Channel 5 (UK). Skogmo’s industry affiliations include The Producer’s Guild of America, The Young Presidents’ Organization, and the Association of Media Content Users and Providers, and he’s an investor and advisor to several LA-based media startups. He holds a degree in Film and Television from Columbia College, and resides in Los Angeles.
Jonathan Stringfield is Global Head of Business Marketing, Measurement, and Insights at Activision Blizzard Media. In this role he is responsible for all B2B marketing, integration of third-party ad effectiveness solutions &amp; development of proprietary measurement solutions, custom research &amp; measurement partnerships with brands and agencies, and execution of custom marketing and ad effectiveness research. Previously, Jonathan was Director, Marketing Insights and Analytics at Twitter where he was responsible for all measurement and ad effectiveness research for Twitter’s U.S. business. Prior to his time at Twitter, Jonathan was an early member of Facebook’s measurement solutions research team, and was responsible for global retail measurement research. Jonathan’s early career focused on leading demographic research for Nielsen’s TV and media research services. Jonathan holds a PhD in Sociology, where his NSF-funded research focused on identity and audience conceptions among users of social media utilities.
Joost is co-founder and CEO of SuperData Research, a market research firm specialized in digital, mobile and online games. As one of the first academics to study video games, Joost has over fifteen years of commercial research experience in interactive entertainment and technology industries. Before receiving a doctorate from Columbia University, Joost worked as an analyst on both the financial and consumer-side of the games industry. Anticipating the shift to digital games early on, he founded SuperData in 2009. Today SuperData is a leading games industry researcher with clients such as Activision Blizzard, Amazon, Apple, Electronic Arts, Facebook, GameStop, Microsoft, Google, Nexon, PayPal, and Wargaming.net. In late 2017 SuperData raised a series A financing round. Joost is also a recurrent speaker at major industry events such as GDC and Casual Connect, and is frequently quoted by outlets such as NBC, Forbes, Fortune, the Wall Street Journal, and NPR. In addition to his business adventures, Joost teaches at the NYU Game Center and Stern School of Business. He lives in Brooklyn with his wife Janelle and son Maximus.
Jordan Bromley’s experience lies in recognizing talented artists, individuals and companies, developing strategy to achieve long-term success, and protecting their interests by rigorously negotiating and drafting the agreements forming the basis of their business relationships. Jordan focuses his practice on securing and negotiating agreements in the music, digital media, technology, art and fashion industries. His client base covers the entertainment, media and technology industries and includes established and developing artists, songwriters, producers, bands, independent record labels, digital distribution companies, content creation and management companies, music publishing companies, apparel companies, management companies, executives, international law firms, technology funds, actors, models, and multimedia fashion and lifestyle companies. Jordan is also knowledgeable in legal issues and pertinent facts surrounding the content streaming industry. Having released a royalty infographic titled “U.S. Streaming Royalties Explained,” Jordan provided for the first time a complete picture of how money flows to every participant of the value chain. With over a dozen separate data points, the infographic is the most comprehensive and accurate view of U.S. streaming royalties that exists. Additionally, Jordan provides thought leadership and counsel in issues surrounding the music business and creative community as a whole. He is frequently published in and quoted by publications covering music issues, such as Billboard, Newsweek, Entrepreneur and The Guardian. A staunch advocate of creators’ rights, Jordan has worked intimately with Manatt’s government group in Washington, D.C. and Sacramento, helping music clients devise and implement strategies to influence legislation and policy affecting intellectual property. Jordan is a member and active participant in Manatt’s MTA group (Media, Technology and Advertising), an innovative practice group that combines Manatt’s deep experience in entertainment, digital media, technology, advertising, and corporate financing. Jordan cofounded and developed Golden Mean Management and Red Ghost Music, two cutting-edge artist management, marketing and distribution companies. He also cofounded the Hip Hop Congress, an international nonprofit organization that uses hip hop music and culture to inspire social and civic action among youth.
Jorge A. Rincón is a recognized executive and entrepreneur in the areas of digital &amp; internet economy, media, mobile content, value added services, and digital advertising. Rincón joined Deezer in 2016 to lead growth in North America (US &amp; Canada).  In his most recent venture, Rincón was the Director of Digital Products &amp; Business Development for Millicom (Tigo). In this role, Rincon led the strategy for digital products and services at Millicom, including music streaming, sports &amp; entertainment content, and Mobile Money. Prior to Millicom, Rincon was COO of Adsmovil, serving the U.S. Hispanic and Latin American markets. He also served as COO of StarMedia Networks, a leading mobile and internet portal for the US and Latin America. Born and raised in Venezuela, Rincón arrived to the US in 1991 where he obtained an Industrial Engineering and Information Systems degree from Northeastern University in Boston. Rincón has over 20 years of hands on experience and has been featured as speaker in several industry conferences and is also a board member of the Mobile Marketing Association.
Start-up founder, social media pioneer, music manager, and master negotiator, Josh Brooks has a proven track record in the media and tech space. Brooks currently oversees all marketing and brand strategy for Jam City. Prior to Jam City, he raised $1.6M in venture capital to launch On The Run Tech and partnered with Selena Gomez to launch the popular app, Postcard on the Run. Earlier in his career, Brooks created the first integrated marketing team at MySpace, responsible for $22M in branded advertising revenue in his first year. He also produced the first and largest live streaming event for MySpace, in cooperation with the U.S. Dept. of Defense, which resulted in 3.5M live streams from Camp Behring, Kuwait (a.k.a. Operation MySpace). From 2001-2005, he managed the critically acclaimed and Grammy nominated band, Queens of the Stone Age. Prior to managing the band, he was a founding member of Fanscape.com, which was acquired by Omnicom in 2010. Brooks was a Socal Tech Top 50 Winner in 2013 and received the Silicon Beach Wavemaker Award in 2011. He received a BFA in Media Arts from University of Arizona, and currently resides in Los Angeles with his family.
As Chief Digital Officer of Poker Central, PokerGO and ESP Gaming, McCabe is responsible for managing the brands digital growth and expansion – while also leading the creation of video and TV content and the forging of new business models, partnerships and direct to consumer channels. Prior to his current role, McCabe spent more than three years as Senior Vice-President of Video for Time Inc.  It was there that McCabe led the build-out of, and managed, Time Inc.’s digital video business for more than 24 brands in the US, including People, Sports Illustrated, Fortune, Essence and Time. Before joining Time Inc., McCabe spent more than six years at Meredith Corp, where he launched and led Meredith Video Studios.  The team created and distributed original video and programming, as well as drove video revenue, across digital and TV platforms, for Meredith’s well-known brands including Better Homes and Garden, Parents and Fitness.  Another of McCabe’s developments at Meredith, was the creation and launch of a first-of-its-kind national VOD network, Parents TV.  He was later named the first ever Chief Video Officer of Meredith Corporation. In an earlier role, McCabe managed the Eastern regional syndication sales team for CBS Paramount Television in New York.   He also spent seven years at Universal Studios Television Distribution as SVP of program partnerships and sales, leading creation of their branded entertainment initiatives. McCabe graduated from the College of Business at James Madison University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in marketing.  
Kimari Rennis is the New York Videogame Critics Circle senior intern from the DreamYard Prep School in the Bronx. She has spoken at Games for Change and at Play NYC. 16 years old, she writes reviews and conducts interviews for the Circle. She has won two college scholarships from the Circle.
Kyle Smetanka is a Senior Product Manager, leading product development across TiVo’s Metadata business. In this role, he is focused on designing and delivering compelling data solutions for the Media &amp; Broadcasting, Electronics and Entertainment industries. Most notably, Kyle launched the Sports Metadata vertical in 2015 and SongConnect – TiVo’s first major application of machine learning technology in music discovery. Prior to TiVo, he has held positions at MarketShare (Neustar), Sony and BNY Mellon. He has a B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh and an MBA from Vanderbilt University.
Lee Garfield is a sales leader with 15+ years of digital ad sales experience and 4+ years in Programmatic with a consistent record of generating revenue through strategic and tactical relationship building, new business development, and team leadership.  As the Global Lead, Private Programmatic at Zynga, Lee and his team have led the charge in driving an audience focused approach to buying gaming, which has led to partnerships across several Fortune 500 brands. As the digital ecosystem continues to evolve, the importance of a person-first approach to media will define how advertisers’ partner with digital in app gaming publishers.  As a leader in the in-app programmatic media space, Lee believes that we have just scratched the surface of how we can best support our advertisers, and our players.
Lee Simpson is ustwo’s Head of TV and Entertainment where he oversees the strategic direction and delivery of ustwo’s work in the TV and entertainment industry. Developing partnerships with companies such as Comcast, Warner Bros. and NBCUniversal, he leads a dedicated team focused on exploring innovative products and experiences that help solve the complex challenges in the media and video content space. Previous to ustwo, from 2013 to 2014 Lee was a Product Lead at The Guardian News and Media where he lead the development and global rollout of content management and workflow tools as part of the organization’s Next Gen relaunch.
Mark Willis works at the intersection of art, design, emerging technology and digital strategy. He’s currently a co-founder and Chief Design Officer at Texel, building a living virtual world around digital tulips. Texel tulips are programmatically generated, genetically expressive, provably unique, and stored on the Ethereum blockchain. Each tulip is a beautiful, unpredictable piece of digital art. Soon, you’ll be able to plant, grow, breed and exchange them. Texel is an online gaming experience, a digital art installation, and a social experiment. Mark heads up design and artistic direction for the project. A long-time Boston resident, Mark previously led web strategy at Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government, the Boston Museum of Science and startups before moving to Philadelphia to found his own digital consultancy. (Creating Texel with new friends in the Philly tech community was a fortuitous development!) Mark also founded and runs Clean Sheet Co., an athletic and casual apparel company inspired by soccer culture. He offers design, illustration, digital and strategic consultation to a stable of clients around the country. His art, design and digital work has been covered in numerous national publications. You can see a full overview of his work, and get in touch, at https://mwillis.com .
Matt Edelman is the Chief Commercial Officer of Super League Gaming, the defining brand in the amateur esports space. Super League produces and powers experiences enabling gamers to join local teams, participate in seasonal and year-long in-person and digital leagues, and feel the excitement of playing their sport like the pros. Matt oversees the company’s revenue, marketing, content, live event and business development activities. Previously, Matt served as the Head of Digital Operations and Marketing Solutions for WME-IMG, where he was responsible for digital growth across the company’s live event properties, digital strategy consulting for the agency’s brand clients, and managing direct-to-consumer OTT businesses. His initial foray into esports included assisting with the formation of ELEAGUE, a JV between WME-IMG and Turner. Prior to joining WME-IMG, Matt was the CEO/Founder or on the executive team of multiple early stage digital media companies, after having been an entertainment industry executive responsible for helping to build Marvel Comics entertainment business and launch Marvel.com. Matt grew up outside of New York City, graduated from Princeton University with a degree in Politics and moved to Los Angeles when he was hired by Marvel. He lives in Santa Monica with his wife and two children and is a Little League coach in his spare time.
Until recently, Matt Gerardi was the Games Editor of The Onion’s prestigious A.V. Club. There, he wrote news, reviews, listicle entries, and feature articles. Prior to that he was an editor at the Gameological Society.
Matt  Medved  heads Billboard’s dance/electronic music department and cross-department content strategy, founding digital vertical Billboard Dance in 2015 and its Billboard Dance 100 artist rankings in 2018, as well as scaling their growth strategies to other genre verticals. He holds law and master’s degrees from The George Washington University and a bachelor’s degree from Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism. Medved  hosted the inaugural Electronic Music Awards in 2017 and has been featured and interviewed as a guest expert by The New York Times, The Associated Press, Reuters, TIME, GQ, CNN, Good Morning America, CBS This Morning, Entertainment Tonight, The Insider, Access Hollywood and more. He has also spoken at Harvard Business School, SXSW, Winter Music Conference, EDMBiz, Amsterdam Dance Event, Canadian Music Week, International Music Summit, Oceanic Ibiza, XLIVE, and more. As a DJ, producer and curator,  Medved  has performed at top global festivals like Tomorrowland, EDC Las Vegas, EDC Japan, Electric Zoo, Billboard Hot 100 Fest, India’s Sunburn Festival and Morocco’s Oasis Festival, signed releases to Interscope and Downtown Records, and contributed to SiriusXM. Before joining Billboard,  Medved  conducted human rights field research and wrote nearly $2 million in funded grants to the US Department of State and USAID as a consultant for conflict resolution NGO Search for Common Ground in Nigeria — where he also reached more than 6 million listeners as a guest resident DJ at Africa’s largest radio station.
Matthew Wang is a Managing Director and the Deputy COO of U.S. Investment Banking at Evercore, the leading independent investment bank. Mr. Wang has over thirteen years of investment banking experience including Evercore’s acquisition of Lexicon Partners, Evercore’s alliance with Kotak in India and NH Group (formerly Woori) in South Korea, Occidental’s acquisition of Altura Energy and numerous equity and debt capital markets transactions. Prior to rejoining Evercore, Mr. Wang was a Co-founder of To Be Continued, a New York-based game company, until its merger with 5th Planet Games. At To Be Continued, Mr. Wang designed and produced a variety of games including Chaotic (a kid’s online and offline trading card game), the Twilight Board Game (and its sequels), the Walking Dead Board Game (based on the best-selling Image comic) and Clash of the Dragons (an online collectible card game). Mr. Wang received a LIMA award for his work on the Twilight: New Moon Board Game. Prior to attending graduate school, Mr. Wang worked in the Mergers &amp; Acquisitions group at Evercore and in the Energy group at UBS. Mr. Wang is a chair of the Columbia Pi Kappa Alpha Alumni Association, board member at Gamers Helping Gamers, a college scholarship fund, and a mentor at Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator, a NYC-based incubator. Mr. Wang received his BA in Economics – Political Science from Columbia College and his MBA from Columbia Business School.
Matt  Yazge  leads Music, Film, Fashion brand partnerships team at Nielsen. Throughout his career at Nielsen, Matt has helped leaders in the global entertainment sponsorship marketing industry better select, implement and measure their branded music, film, fashion, and video gaming campaigns. In his current role, he helps brand advertisers activate music fans to achieve marketing objectives and drive sales. He also helps artists, festivals, and other music rights holders position the value of their audiences to prospective brand partners. Matt brings rich experience with consumer packaged goods (CPG) brands and major film studios, as a former Nielsen consultant for Nestle’s Wonka Candy portfolio, and leading the Nielsen’s relationship with Universal Studios Home Entertainment. Matt is also an advocate for LGBT rights and representation, and serves as a Nielsen Subject Matter Expert in LGBT research.
Maurice Russell is founder of Media Rights Management (MRM), a consultancy created to help music and media companies secure and manage the rights required to drive their businesses. A respected thought leader in intellectual property rights management, he has played a pivotal role in developing structures to better enable music publishing rights for many of the industry’s best known digital music service providers. Prior to launching MRM, he held senior roles in operations and strategy at the Harry Fox Agency, the nation’s premiere music rights agency, where he led the transformation of the company’s core operations and business strategy. With over two decades of experience in music company business affairs, his career has closely tracked the evolution of the industry from the heyday of the CD to downloads to streaming. A consummate music-lover and part-time composer, Maurice hails from the Washington, D.C. area and resides in the heart of NYC’s East Village.
Michael Gold is the co-founder and CEO of Holojam Inc, a mixed reality spin-off company from NYU’s Future Reality Lab. Holojam is developing technology that works with VR / AR headsets to enable groups of people who are in the same location to share a mixed reality – where the virtual world is blended over the physical world
Michael S. Simon is the President of Rumblefish and CEO of the Harry Fox Agency LLC, premier music rights management organizations, which are subsidiaries of SESAC Holdings, Inc. Previously, Simon was HFA’s Senior Vice President of Business Affairs, General Counsel and Chief Strategic Officer. Since joining HFA in 2001, Simon has directed and expanded the company’s traditional mechanical licensing business by creating its Rumblefish rights management service (formerly known as Slingshot) which provides customized, outsourced solutions for music distributors and rights holders. His team has developed groundbreaking licensing arrangements for online music and music video services, ringtones, lyrics, guitar tablature, background music, digital jukeboxes and other new media opportunities. Before joining HFA, Simon was the Executive Vice President of Business Affairs and General Counsel of Razorfish, Inc. and President of Razorfish Studios. At Razorfish, Inc., he guided the company’s growth over five years from a private company of 18 people to a public company of over 2,000 employees. At Razorfish Studios, he was responsible for managing the creative development, business affairs and investor relations associated with the Studio’s recordings, motion picture productions, web sites, magazines, television programs, art &amp; photography books and entertainment merchandise. Prior to Razorfish, he founded Simon Ventures, a recording artist management and consulting company, whose roster included such major label acts as the Honeydogs and the Gigolo Aunts alongside several independent recording artists. Before that, Simon was Senior Director of Legal Affairs at PolyGram Records. He also served as an associate in the entertainment and intellectual property law practice of Levine Thall Plotkin &amp; Menin and the corporate, litigation and entertainment practice of Rubin Baum Levin Constant &amp; Friedman. Simon received his Juris Doctor from the Columbia University School of Law and his Bachelor of the Arts, magna cum laude, from Amherst College.
Mike Jbara joined MQA from Warner Music Group where he held roles as head of studios, President of ADA Worldwide, President of WEA Corp., and most recently Corp EVP, Technology. Before joining Warner, Mike was part of the New York-based Media and Entertainment Practice at Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). Outside of work you can find Mike advising and advocating for the redevelopment of his hometown of Detroit, coaching basketball and cooking. Mike holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering from the University of Michigan.
Mike Vorhaus, President, Magid Advisors founded the Magid Internet and New Media research and consultation practice in 1995, with AOL and Excite as his first two clients. Mike’s team has completed over 2,500 engagements with over 100 Internet clients. Mike began the Magid Gaming Practice in 2001 with EA and Sony Online as his first two clients. The Magid Game Practice now works with most of the major game publishers. Mike provides research and consulting services to a number of major traditional media companies in regard to their new media initiatives, as well as consulting a number of leading Internet and gaming companies. He has also provided advice to venture capital and private equity firms in regard to investments in the media space. Mike has been involved in strategic and tactical consulting, including the launch of new services and programming, as well as development and implementation of online and offline marketing programs. Mike has also been extensively involved in video and PC gaming strategies for a number of our companies, as well as the development of game concepts. Mike has consulted on a number of film projects such as You’ve Got Mail and The Matrix. He holds a B.S. in psychology and sociology from Wesleyan University and has worked as a fundraiser and transfer of technology officer at the California Institute of Technology and the University of California. Mike also worked for the U.S. House of Representatives, The U.S. Senate, and for two Administrations in the White House.
Misha co-founded Snark.art and is in charge of the product development and artist relationships. He previously founded BancLab, a development and consulting firm for financial web-based applications. In addition to tech work, Misha frequently collaborates on video art projects with several Brooklyn artists. He received his B.A. and M.A. in Economics from the University of Chicago. He also studied film at the New School for Media Studies.
As Partner at Massarsky Consulting, Nari Matsuura leads the valuation practice of the firm, and has conducted music asset valuations of music publishers, record companies, artist and songwriter assets including AC/DC, Andreas Carlsson, Arthouse, Benny Blanco, Bert Berns, Big Loud Shirt Industries, B-Unique, Bush, Carlin Music, CeeLo Green, Downtown Records, Downtown Music Publishing, Eddie Holland, Glenn Gould, Guaraldi Music, Hall &amp; Oates, Lionsgate, Linda Perry, Marvin Hamlisch, Music Theatre International, Ole Media Management, Nikki Sixx, peermusic, Offspring, Primary Wave, Razor &amp; Tie, Reservoir Media Management, Rogers and Hammerstein, Round Hill Music, Rush, Ryan Tedder, Smokey Robinson, SONGS Music Publishing, Spirit Music Group, Steve Cropper, True North Records, Vander Music/Edimusa, Verse Music Group, and many more.  She has also conducted music valuations of numerous film and television catalogs as well as production music libraries. Ms. Matsuura received an M.B.A. from Cornell and a Bachelor’s and Master’s in Piano Performance from the Juilliard School.
Nate Casey utilizes his experience as a professional musician and director of operations for the Atlanta Symphony and Brooklyn Philharmonic to develop media management solutions for some of the most iconic music collections in the world, including Bob Dylan, Billy Joel, New York Philharmonic, and Overcoast. A conservatory trained classical musician, Nate currently heads Business Development for Digital ReLab.
Noah serves as President of AdRev – a global leader in UGC (user generated content) monetization, administration and strategy, music distribution, and proprietary music and media software development. AdRev administers over 10 million copyrights and has paid out over $100MN in UGC royalties to its client base. He has a diverse background as both an industry veteran and a composer/producer. His music productions range from #1 Billboard dance club play remixes to underscore compositions on popular programs such as Dateline, NBC. On the industry side, Noah has served as Dir. Sales and Marketing at Brooklyn Music Limited, Manager, Mechanicals at SME, and Dir. Marketing at Ultra Records prior his role at AdRev. In overseeing AdRev’s development team he has spearheaded numerous pieces of proprietary software built around copyright identification, management and royalty accounting. Noah has a deep passion and concern for the vitality of the creative class, which he proudly manifests through his work at AdRev.
Patrick is a researcher specializing in audio technology. Most recently, he co-authored: “Evaluation of Binaural Renderers: A Methodology”. He is also the lead researcher on spatial (3D) audio, at THX. He focuses on perceptual measurement techniques for measuring the importance of rendering and the interactions of the user for headphone and loudspeaker playback. Patrick has been a member of the Audio Engineering Society since 2004.
Paul Sweeting is a veteran business journalist and industry analyst specializing in the intersecting worlds of media, technology and public policy. He is the founder and principal of Concurrent Media Strategies, LLC, a Washington, DC-based consulting and editorial services firm launched in 2010. Prior to launching Concurrent Media Strategies, Sweeting spent 20 years as a media business journalist, writing for such leading publications as Billboard, Publishers Weekly, Broadcasting &amp; Cable, Video Business and Variety. He was a co-author of the Movie Business Book edited by Jason E. Squire and published in 2004. From 2009 to 2015 Sweeting was chief digital media analyst for GigaOM Research and a contributor to the GigaOM website. He currently serves as editorial director of the Media &amp; Entertainment Services Alliance and its family of websites and newsletters and also edits the Concurrent Media blog. Sweeting is based in Washington, DC and is a graduate of Columbia University in New York City.
Pete is on the business development team of European mass media company Bertelsmann as part of the Bertelsmann Entrepreneurs Program. His responsibilities are at the intersection of entrepreneurship and business development across Bertelsmann’s worldwide divisions and investment funds in media (music, publishing, film, and television), services, and education– a portfolio generating +$20 Billion in annual revenue. An internationally touring rock drummer with Filligar, Pete serves as a cultural ambassador appointed by the U.S. State Department and is a voting member of The National Academy of Recording Arts &amp; Sciences (The GRAMMYs). Pete is a Distinction master’s graduate of Oxford University, Harvard Kennedy School (MPA) and Dartmouth (MBA/BA).
Peter Schwinge is the Founder and Executive Director of Moving Target Group which specializes in artist and business coaching, industry consultation, and event production to enhance engagement and growth. Mr. Schwinge has a rich professional history in media production, business development, performance, event production, music licensing, and management. Prior to Moving Target Group, Mr. Schwinge founded NakedEdge Productions, a fully integrated multimedia production facility in NYC. He was previously the Founder and Director of Nordic Spotlight, a media outlet focusing on Nordic Music and Culture. He is also currently Partner and General Manager of the New Music Seminar. Mr. Schwinge received a Bachelor’s degree with a concentration in Sound Recording Technology and Performance from the University of Massachusetts and a Master’s degree in Music Business from New York University. While at NYU, he was President of the Music Business Graduate Ambassador Board and received the President’s Service Award. In addition, he is a motivational speaker, avid cyclist, and runner.
Peter Soldinger is currently the Sr. Director of Creative Strategy for Fullscreen, with a focus on the entertainment.  At Fullscreen, Peter works with major film studios, networks, and streaming services to craft digital marketing campaigns for the world’s most recognizable entertainment properties. With his team, he has spearheaded notable campaigns including  Star Trek: Into Darkness ,  Moana ,  Rogue One ,  Bad Moms,  and  The Alienist . Peter got his start at branded entertainment studio, Hypnotic, producing innovative campaigns for such brands as Chrysler and Perrier. His vast experience in the industry includes roles as a music supervisor, writer, and producer. Before joining the team at Fullscreen, Peter was a contributing writer for DigitalTrends.com and the Creative Director at Jetset Studios, whose work includes digital campaigns for  Ted ,  Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues , and Pixar’s  Inside Out .
Rachel serves as lead Digital Strategist within Saatchi  &amp; Saatchi New York, with a focus on Walmart. In her role, she is responsible for incorporating and executing strong digital insights and strategies for all campaigns, ongoing initiatives and launches. Rachel works in tandem with planning, research, account, creative, media and production. In her time at Saatchi, she led the launch and brand strategy for Walmart’s first four branded apparel lines, the EV1 fashion partnership and the Home.com category. Prior to Saatchi, she served as the Digital Director of Brand and Strategy at Taylor and as the Director of Influencer &amp; Advocacy Strategy at Zeno Group.
Rasty Turek is the founder and CEO of Pex, a video analytics &amp; rights management platform that is able to find and track video &amp; audio content anywhere on the Web.
Raymond Leon Roker is head of AEG Studios for the Global Partnerships division of AEG, the largest sports and entertainment company in the world. Acting as an internal agency for AEG, Global Partnerships oversees worldwide sponsorship sales and activation for over 135 world-class platforms across five continents and numerous other assets including venues, sports franchises, events, tours, festivals and digital content among other AEG holdings. In 2017, Roker helped spearhead the launch of AEG Studios, the company’s first-ever in-house branded content division. As head of AEG Studios, Roker is directly responsible for managing the creation, production and development of innovative, original content for AEG as a whole as well as its numerous brand partners. With access to AEG’s global portfolio of assets across music, sports and facilities, Roker and his team oversee one-of-a-kind content marketing partnerships that add value and increase sponsorship outcomes for best-in-class brands around the world. As the driving creative force behind AEG Studios, Roker brings strategic insight and direction to every project the division touches, including all digital, print, video and mobile content.  With a proven track record for innovative storytelling, Roker brings partners closer to the heart of live entertainment using bleeding edge virtual reality, documentary and episodic programming, 360-degree video and more. Under Roker’s leadership, AEG Studios has worked with a number of partners on successful branded-content campaigns, including Renaissance Hotels, Uber, H&amp;M and American Express to name a few. Known for his award-winning creativity, Roker is a veteran content executive, producer, director and strategist with over 20 years of leadership and entrepreneurial experience across the industry. Prior to the launch of AEG Studios, Roker lead content strategy and development for Goldenvoice, a top festival and concert promoter and producer of the Coachella Valley Music &amp; Arts Festival. Before joining AEG, Roker worked as a successful media CEO and entrepreneur for 19 years. He is the founder and publisher of URB magazine, an award-winning editorial and multimedia company where he played an instrumental role in innovating youth culture as well as the music space. He also launched the experiential marketing firm Rebel Organization, which successfully oversaw youth and multicultural activations around the game-changing rollout of Toyota’s pioneering Scion line of cars. In addition, as a long-time content strategist and consultant, Roker worked for Red Bull Media House where he managed the U.S. launch of the 1.3 M circulation Red Bulletin magazine and digital platform. Roker’s interests as a storyteller also include work across photography, design and writing. As a passionate advocate and supporter of arts education, Roker is a longtime board member of ArtworxLA, a community-based multidisciplinary arts program aimed at combating the high school dropout epidemic in Los Angeles.
Razi is a published author, speaker and subject matter expert on blockchain &amp; identity at Microsoft. In his current role, he assists enterprise customers in building and running blockchain solutions with a strong focus on maintaining data privacy using smart contracts. For more information about him please visit the website: https://razibinrais.com
Richard Conlon manages SoundExchange’s relationships with the company’s wide array of constituents. He oversees the company’s corporate communications, industry relations and public policy efforts, helping to shape the company’s vision and then put that vision into action. Richard also sits on the SXWorks Board of Directors. SXWorks, a SoundExchange subsidiary, provides global administration services to music publishers. Prior to joining SoundExchange, Richard was a Principal at Rights Management Holdings LLC, where he was a senior strategic advisor to major music publishers, collective rights management organizations, record labels and financial institutions involved in the entertainment space. Previously, he was a senior executive at Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) for more than 20 years, serving as Senior Vice President Corporate Strategy, Communications &amp; New Media. Richard launched BMI’s digital rights licensing division, managed corporate communications and oversaw the firm’s global corporate strategy efforts. He also held executive positions at Viacom’s Pay per View television production and marketing unit and at The Learning Channel (TLC) cable network. Richard holds a B.A. in English from Boston College and earned his Master’s Degree in Communications Management from the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Southern California.
Rick Goetz is a music business consultant and marketing professional with deep roots in the music industry. During his 20 years in the music business, he has been a major label A&amp;R representative, a music supervisor, an artist manager, a bass player, and the head of a digital record label. He has worked for Lava/Atlantic, and Elektra, and EMI, with artists including Kid Rock, Matchbox 20 and Sarah Brightman, and on television shows including Sesame Street, and Psychic Detectives. Since leaving the major labels in 2007, he has handled music clearances for Mood Media / Musak and major marketing campaigns for a range of artists, from young, local, and aspiring bands, to multi-platinum, international superstars. In recent years he has been a guest speaker at SXSW, The Recording Academy, CMJ and The New Music Seminar. He is currently the Director of Marketing for ONErpm.
Rick Heitzmann, a founder and Managing Director of FirstMark, focuses on consumer and enterprise investments in media, advertising technology, gaming, mobile, and data services. Rick has led investments in market leaders in commerce (StubHub, acquired by eBay), gaming (Riot Games, acquired by Tencent), data services (First Advantage, NASDAQ: FADV; acquired by First American), advertising technology (Tapad), media (Pinterest), and more. Prior to founding FirstMark, Rick was an entrepreneur including being a founding member of the senior management team at First Advantage which he helped grow and sell to First American (NYSE: FAF). He serves on the Board of Directors of the New York Venture Capital Association. Rick holds a B.S. from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Rick Howe is a television veteran, with vast experience on the operator (Time Warner Cable) and programmer (Showtime) sides of the business, in addition to working with The Cable Guide before and after its acquisition by TV Guide.  He is also the co-author of a patent for the use of multiscreen mosaics in EPG’s.  Rick was elected to the Cable Pioneers in 2011, and is a member of the Interactive Media Peer Group of The Television Academy.  Rick provides marketing, product positioning and business development services to new providers in the advanced and interactive television space, as well as strategic planning and acquisition consulting for some of the largest players in the media industry.   He writes a column under the sobriquet “The iTV Doctor,” published by  itvt.com .
Rob Aksman is the Chief Strategy Officer, and Co-Founder of BrightLine. Rob has been leading the way in advanced TV advertising for 15 years from the first VOD ads and set-top box interactivity, to his company’s own connected TV ad platform, InCast, launched in 2015. Under Rob’s strategic leadership, BrightLine has forged relationships with leading media partners including Hulu, Viacom, ESPN, Discovery, as well as the predominant CTV devices like Roku and Samsung. He has worked with leading clients in nearly every category, from Unilever to GM and The Home Depot. Rob works closely with BrightLine’s CTO and engineering team to craft products and services that solve for the future of TV advertising, as it undergoes its continued seismic shift from linear to streaming. BrightLine is the leading dynamic and interactive ad solution for connected TV, with the only ad products, ad server and analytics dashboard architected exclusively for connected TV and OTT services. BrightLine’s solution suite allows marketers to further enhance premium CTV/OTT advertising with dynamic programmatic creative and/or interactivity including long-form video, localized content (store/dealer locators, local pricing), social engagement with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, and a host of other interactive options that extend ad encounters beyond 15 or 30 seconds. Clients working with BrightLine to enhance their TV advertising include AMEX, The Home Depot, Estee Lauder Companies, GM, Unilever, P&amp;G and others. BrightLine’s platform has been adopted by 500 apps, and works across all major CTV devices, including Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV and Samsung Smart TVs.
Robert Levine is a journalist who writes for Billboard, Businessweek, the New York Times, and other publications about the digital media business, as well as copyright, privacy, and various online legal issues. He is the author of “Free Ride: How Digital Parasites Are Destroying the Culture Business and How the Culture Business Can Fight Back,” and he has spoken about online legal issues in Washington DC, London, Brussels, and Berlin. He frequently writes for Billboard, where he was previously executive editor. He has worked as an editor for Wired, New York, and Rolling Stone, and contributed to Vanity Fair, Fortune, and The Wall Street Journal.
Robert Norton is CEO and co-founder of Verisart, the first platform to certify and verify physical artworks and collectibles using blockchain technology. Prior to establishing Verisart, Norton was the CEO and co-founder of Sedition Art, a digital marketplace and community supported by the world’s leading contemporary artists including Damien Hirst, Shepard Fairey, Bill Viola, Yoko Ono, Jenny Holzer and many others. Norton was appointed CEO of Saatchi Online where he restructured the company as an e-commerce business. He has held senior management positions at King.com, AOL, TVF International and Nomade.fr. Norton graduated from Oxford University with a Masters in Modern History.
Russ Crupnick is Managing Partner of MusicWatch, Inc. a company dedicated to marketing research and industry analysis for the music and entertainment industry. Russ’ work has focused on evolving digital music and video behaviors, high definition media, trends in cross-entertainment, social media, device usage, and connectivity. He developed an international reputation for insights into consumer-entertainment trends and provided guidance and industry analysis to clients and the media. Prior to MusicWatch, Russ founded NPD’s entertainment practice, leading the team that created a suite of research services for music, home entertainment, entertainment retailers and technology companies. Russ has appeared as a commentator for broadcast news outlets, including Marketwatch, Fox Business Channel, NPR, CBS, Fox Business Channel, and CNBC. He has been extensively quoted on industry trends in Fortune, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Billboard, USAToday, HuffingtonPost, Home Media, and Variety and other leading business and trade publications. He is a regularly featured speaker at events including MusicBiz (NARM), Entertainment Merchants Association (EMA), Digital Media Wire, Canadian Music Week, New Music Seminar, and PlayCon. Russ is Adjunct Professor at the NYU Steinhardt Music Business Graduate Program where he lectures on marketing strategy, pricing practices and forecasting. He is a 2009 alumnus of Nashville’s prestigious Leadership Music program. In 2013 Russ was honored by the RIAA with a Platinum Record for service to the music industry.
Sahil Patel is a senior reporter at Digiday. His responsibilities include covering the video, OTT and TV industries, as well as producing several annual events focused on the future of video, advertising and TV. Prior to Digiday, he was the Editorial Director of VideoInk, a business trade publication dedicated to the online video entertainment industry. Prior to VideoInk, Sahil was the Editor of Cynopsis Digital, a daily newsletter for media, marketing, and agency executives. There, he covered TV and online video, and oversaw the production of several conferences. During his time as a reporter, Sahil has appeared as a guest speaker at multiple festivals and industry events including CES, Cannes Lions, N.Y. Advertising Week, the New York Media Festival, the New York Television Festival, NATPE,  VidCon , Social Media Week, and NPR’s “On the Media” program. Sahil holds a degree in Film Studies with a concentration on production and development from Vanderbilt University.
Sarah Stringer has come quite some way since she started out in London: her first job in media involved booking ads for the UK’s biggest funeral company. After making the move from funerals into the music industry she spent five years in London and then moved to Melbourne, Australia. Sarah joined Carat Australia in 2011 as a strategist, delivering impressive results on brands such as Disney, Nintendo, Adidas and Mattel, including launching movies The Avengers, Frozen and Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Identified as a ‘Formidable Femme’ in Campaign Asia’s Women to Watch 2015, she became the youngest member of the agency’s senior management team, founding the Innovation department in Australia, where she focused on delivering technology and trends insights to agency teams and clients. Stringer joined the Carat USA team in 2016. As SVP, Head of Innovation, Sarah leads Carat’s teams in being ‘brave’ in their day to day work by embracing a test and learn framework to understand new ways to achieve business results for our clients.
Seth Ladetsky has spent the better part of two decades helping to drive revenue for Turner’s growing investments in sports programming. He currently oversees national advertising sales and strategy for Turner Sports’ portfolio of digital brands, including ELEAGUE, NBA Digital, NCAA Digital, March Madness Live and PGA Digital. In addition, he leads a team representing all of Turner Sports’ assets, including the aforementioned leagues, Bleacher Report, and televised sports on TNT and TBS. Based in New York, he reports to Jon Diament, executive vice president of Turner Sports Ad Sales. Ladetsky began his career within CNN’s ad sales division. In 2001, he transferred to the digital side of the business as an account executive, and was later promoted to sales manager within Turner Sports Digital. Ladetsky has overseen digital ad sales spanning the entire portfolio of brands across sports, news and entertainment, including CNN.com, TBS.com, adultswim.com and others. In 2011, Ladetsky was promoted to his current title as senior vice president. Ladetsky currently serves on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s board of directors and is a charter board member of the eSports Ad Bureau, which was formed in 2016 to create standards and best practices that advance marketing and revenue opportunities for the fast-growing eSports industry. He also is a board member for JASA, an organization that helps older New Yorkers remain in their own homes and communities with dignity, independence, and joy. He recently became a committee member of Sports for Youth, an initiative helping more than 12,000 children of all backgrounds, ages and abilities participate in athletic activities. Ladetsky earned his bachelor of arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania, where he pursued a double major in International Relations and Communications.  A native of Valley Stream, New York, he now calls Short Hills, New Jersey home with his wife and three children. Turner Sports, a division of Turner, is an industry leader in the delivery of premium sports content across all multimedia screens. Turner Sports’ television coverage includes the NBA, Major League Baseball, NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Championship, ELEAGUE and professional golf, along with the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League beginning in Summer 2018.  The company also manages some of the most popular sports destinations across digital and social platforms including Bleacher Report and its top-rated app, NCAA.com and the critically-acclaimed NCAA March Madness Live suite of products, PGA.com and the Sports Emmy Award-winning PGA Championship LIVE, as well as an accompanying collection of mobile sites and connected device apps.  Turner Sports and the NBA jointly manage NBA Digital, a robust collection of offerings including NBA TV, NBA.com, NBA LEAGUE PASS, the NBA App and NBAGLEAGUE.com. Turner Ad Sales monetizes the company’s portfolio of leading entertainment, kids, news and sports properties through award-winning advanced advertising capabilities that power return-on-investment for brands. Attracting a wide-scale audience of diverse fans, the collection includes leading media brands Adult Swim, Boomerang, Cartoon Network, CNN, Great Big Story, HLN, TBS, TNT, truTV, Bleacher Report and Turner Sports’ high-profile coverage of the MLB, NBA NCAA, PGA and the newly-formed professional eSports league ELEAGUE. In addition, the company has digital sales partnerships with the NBA, NCAA and PGA. Turner, a WarnerMedia company, is a global entertainment, sports and news company that creates premium content and delivers exceptional experiences to fans whenever and wherever they consume content. These efforts are fueled by data-driven insights and industry-leading technology.  
Seth Schachner is Managing Director of Strat Americas, a Los Angeles and Miami-based consultancy that provides strategic guidance and helps global clients with media and technology partnerships. Strat Americas has worked with clients in verticals like digital music, virtual reality, mobile commerce, and enterprise software. Seth spent eleven years with Sony Music, where he held digital leadership roles in Latin America and for Sony’s Jive Records. Previously, Schachner has held business development roles with Microsoft, Liberty Media, Viacom, and Universal Music. Seth was AOL’s first music business development executive, negotiating its first content deals with the American music industry. A Columbia University graduate, Schachner is Chairman of Florida’s Film &amp; Entertainment Advisory Council, which helps guide Florida on film and entertainment growth strategies.  
Shane Rahmani is Executive Vice President and General Manager of Electus Digital Networks, where he oversees CollegeHumor, Dorkly and the new cult hit, Drawfee. Electus Digital creates and distributes award-winning content across social, digital and TV platforms, including CollegeHumor’s long-running YouTube series Hardly Working, PopTV’s Hot Date, truTV’s Adam Ruins Everything, Facebook Watch’s I Want My Phone Back, and more. CollegeHumor is the No. 1 most-viewed comedy channel on YouTube, and its sketch comedy, Dorkly’s comics and Drawfee’s beloved illustrators are adored by fans and sought after by brands who want to reach a younger entertainment-loving audience. Prior to Electus, Shane worked at Thrillist Media Group and Lerer Ventures as head of Business Development and as a Strategic Adviser, respectively. Thrillist Media Group, was one of NYC’s fastest growing private companies, and is now backed by Discovery Communications as part of Group Nine Media. Prior to Thrillist, Shane worked in a Strategy and Operations role at MTV Networks Digital Media Group where he defined and executed a range of new business opportunities, including joint ventures, M&amp;A, and commercial deals. Before joining MTV, Shane worked in the consumer technology industry for Microsoft’s Xbox Live division and for Gateway computers. He launched his career at KPMG Consulting covering assignments in business and technology strategy in the retail, consumer products, and technology sectors in the U.S. and Europe.
Sherri L. Smith is a tech writer/gamer with a passion for reporting on and reviewing the latest and greatest the tech world has to offer with flair and just a little snark. Over the course of her career Sherri has reviewed everything from laptops to mobile hotspots. In addition Sherri has also covered music, health and relationships. She has also interviewed A-List celebrities including Mary J. Blige, Diddy, Jamie Foxx, and John Legend. Sherri has extensive writing, editing, social networking and community building experience with just the right amount of style and panache.
Sheryl Allen leads the passionate Next Big Sound team at Pandora. Next Big Sound is a top provider of music analytics, tracking hundreds of thousands of artists around the world. As part of Pandora, Next Big Sound delivers powerful analytics tools and contextual insights used by industry professionals, labels and marketers looking to use data to connect artists and their fans. She is a co-founder of the NYC GroupBy, a semi-annual event that seeks to build community amongst local data and analytics professionals. Before exploring her love of music and joining Pandora, Sheryl spent 20 years navigating the financial industry, creating new products and leading engineering organizations at American Express. Sheryl and the rest of Next Big Sound team are located here in Pandora’s New York City offices, so swing by and say “Hi!”
Sim joined BDMI in 2012 from High Line Venture Partners, where he co-founded the seed fund, and has been in venture capital since 2002. In addition to spearheading BDMI’s seed fund, he led or co-led BDMI’s investments in StyleHaul (acquired by RTL), Dramafever (acquired by Softbank), HelloGiggles (acquired by Time Inc), Food52, Fatherly, Clique Brands, Omaze, Jukin Media, Pathmatics and Nativo. He is actively focused on new investments in online video and next-generation content-driven companies. He holds an MBA from MIT Sloan, an engineering degree from the Cooper Union and is a graduate of Stuyvesant High School.
Soniya currently works with Global Agency Partnerships at Snap Inc., a position she has held since November 2016. Snap isa real-time picture sharing mobile application and is reinventing the camera, it represents a significant opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. In her role, she empowers agency, brands and people to get the most out of the opportunity that Snap presents as not only an advertising platform, but as the fastest way to communicate. ​Prior to Snap, Soniya joined the LinkedIn team in 2010 as one of the earliest employees of the Canadian operations. She then relocated to Hong Kong where she managed the relationship for strategic brands based out of North Asia (Korea, Japan, Taiwan and China). ​ ​Most recently, Soniya was a part of Create and Cultivate, the digital platform for women entrepreneurs and One Young World in Dublin, Ireland, to discuss global issues around technology and sustainability in order to share innovative solutions for the pressing issues of today. She continues to speak at a number of conferences worldwide including: SXSW, Asia Pacific Digital Summit, Social Media Strategies (NY), Middle East Internet Show, Digital Hollywood and more. Soniya was also named to Marketing Magazine’s Top 30 under 30 in 2013. ​ Soniya currently sits on the board of New York Women and Communications, an organization that empowers women in the communications field at every career stage to reach their full potential and navigate the ever-changing landscape of communications. .
Sophie is a three-time fund manager, having founded Oyster Ventures after honing her VC skills at Rothenberg Ventures where she was a Managing Director, and Draper Dragonwhere she was a Venture Partner. Prior to venture, Sophie managed Mergers and Acquisitions at Eight Solutions and FFD Labs, and launched her career in media by producing and anchoring at CCTV and Travel Channel, from which she was subsequently poached by Cameron Pace Group to lead Business Development.
Stephane Panyasiri is a Global Business Development Expert, Consultant, serial Entrepreneur and Investor in Asia, Europe, North America He is currently sitting at the board of Advisor of Cachette Capital Management a 1billion dollars fund of funds and lead EMEA for Kochava. He started his career in France in 1997 in the Online and later in the mobile industry. He is also a specialist in the digital payment and Fintech space. After 2004, Stephane specialized in the Online and mobile gaming industry. He has developed a global vision and understanding of the Tech Industry across Asia, Europe and North America. He managed to create a bridge between East and West. Launched several International Operations for global corporation like Funplus, Telenor, Digital Turbine. He has successfully leaded the business development of several ventures 123Ticket, BilltoMobile (Acquired by Danal), Stephane has co-founded or advised several companies among which Connect-City (Acquired by Insert), SEA Gaming (Acquired by Wargaming),  Ruby Coin (Acquired by Paypal), New Agency, Gocoin and Questdrop, Toast, Global VR On top of his consulting and angel investment, he advises and mentors various organizations such as Casual Connect Asia, Yetizen, Chinacccelarator, Game Founder, MOX, Mobile Growth Fellowship, Chain accelerator, The Blockchain Group
Stephanie Llamas is Vice President of Strategy and Head of XR at SuperData Research, the leader in market intelligence across digital gaming and interactive media such as streaming video and XR. Stephanie is an industry veteran with over 10 years of experience in digital media. She is one of the first analysts to provide market intelligence on the current generation of immersive technology, leading SuperData to become the gold standard in XR research. As VP, she also oversees research, product and company strategies. A thought leader and speaker, Stephanie regularly shares her professional insights with leading outlets such as Forbes, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, CES and SxSW. She is also a co-author of “Charlie Fink’s Metaverse”, a continuously updated guide to VR, AR, and the coming revolution in personal computing.  
Stu Levy is an international entrepreneur, producer, director and writer. Founder of the pioneering media company TOKYOPOP, Stu is known for establishing the manga market in North America. Stu has produced English adaptations of many anime series including the hits Initial D, GTO, and Rave Master; executive produced the live-action feature film Priest; directed two independent feature films, a docu-reality series, and several music videos. Stu created and wrote the chart-topping graphic novel Princess Ai with Courtney Love, as well as the novels Juror 13, Karma Club and Sailor Moon, and is currently writing Nightmare Before Christmas: Zero’s Journey. He founded digital platform POP Comics and is currently involved in a major new tech venture, for which he completed a certification at Oxford’s Said Business School in blockchain technology. Fluent in Japanese and a licensed California attorney, Stu has served as Producers Guild of America (PGA) Board Member; International Committee Chair and founder; Online Video Committee Chair and founder, and PGA Producers Showcase executive producer. His philanthropic activities have included Japan’s tsunami recovery, projects with Make-a-Wish Foundation, and literacy advocacy. Besides speaking at numerous industry events and guest lecturing, Stu’s an avid endurance athlete, an amateur composer, photographer and self-confessed foodie.
As Partner and Head of Digital Media for boutique investment bank, Nfluence Partners, Sun Jen Yung brings more than 25 years experience in investment banking and corporate finance transactions among media (cable and entertainment), Internet and software companies at Oppenheimer, TD Securities, Deutsche Bank, Lehman Brothers and J.P. Morgan. Over the span of her career, she has completed over $38 billion in public (IPOs and follow-ons) and private equity, equity-linked and debt financings and M&amp;A transactions. Among the deals she has handled include some of the biggest corporate names in these sectors, including Spotify, Youtube/Google, Comcast, Ericsson, Target and Facebook. Most recently, Sun spent the past seven years with the TMT practice of (recently acquired) Headwaters MB, which she and her partners helped to build into the top-10 ranked boutique investment bank for tech transactions in 2017. While there, Sun developed a deep expertise and proven track record working with companies in the streaming music and digital entertainment content space, an area requiring deep of knowledge of issues related to artists’ rights, copyright management and content ownership. Sun received B.A. degrees in Economics and International Studies at Macalester College in St. Paul, MN and an M.B.A. of Finance from Columbia Business School in New York. She is Co-President of the Parents of Students of Phillips Academy (PSPA).
At IAB, Susan leads the Mobile Marketing Center of Excellence and all mobile-dominant initiatives including Local, Native/Content/Social, B2B and Games. She works with hundreds of digital publisher/technology providers to set guidelines and provide industry thought leadership. Susan was named as one of “15 People in NYC that are Changing Advertising That You Need to Know About” by Alley Watch, a “Top 50 Content Marketing Influencer at CM World 2016” by TopRank, and a “Top 50 Marketing Leaders Over 50” by Brand Watch for two years running. She is on the jury for the Native Advertising Institute Awards, The Content Marketing Institute Awards and the Shorty Awards and is a frequent speaker at SXSW, iMedia Connect, Business Insider Ignition, Social Media Week and more.
Thai Randolph is an award-winning marketing and business development leader who has spent her career at the intersection of content, consumers and commerce. As the EVP and GM for Laugh Out Loud network, Randolph has a proven track-record of building brands, audiences and driving revenue for some of the world’s biggest brands across consumer products, tech and entertainment. Randolph manages day to day business operations, marketing and monetization efforts, including advertising and strategic partnerships for the comedy brand and multi-platform network in partnership from Lionsgate and Kevin Hart. Previously, in her role as SVP, Marketing &amp; Monetization for Laugh Out Loud, Randolph oversaw the vision, strategy and management of Laugh Out Loud’s digital marketing platforms and led a multidisciplinary team covering CRM, social media, digital advertising and creative. Prior to joining Laugh Out Loud, Randolph was a member of Facebook’s Global Marketing Solution’s team. In this role, she managed strategic partnerships and digital transformation initiatives with some of the most innovative marketing and technology agencies in the US. Randolph served as CMO &amp; SVP, Marketing for Sony DADC New Media Solution’s GENERATOR business unit . Randolph was named Black Enterprise’s Leading Women in Advertising and Marketing in 2016 for her work transforming Sony Music’s direct-to-consumer (DTC) digital group from an internal cost center to an independent digital marketing and ecommerce service provider. Her efforts attracted 3rd party media and entertainment clie nts such as AMC Networks, A+E Networks a nd Universal Music Group. A seasoned agency executive, Randolph’s experience includes digital leadership roles with WPP (VML) and Publicis (Moxie Interactive) agencies, where she’s provided new media strategy and consultation to world-class brands including Verizon Wireless, Dell, Saks Fifth Avenue, Colgate-Palmolive and Revlon. She holds B.A. in Communications with a minor in Performing Arts in American University and is co-founder of I2AM, a nonprofit she founded with her brother dedicated to increasing educational and cultural access at-risk youth. Randolph is frequently invited to speak as an industry thought leader at high profile events such as The Wrap’s TheGrill, Variety’s “Tune In” Summit, Adobe’s Digital Marketing con Conference, Digital Hollywood IT Summit, Streaming Media West &amp; BAA’s first-ever Millennial Panel.
Tiffany Zhong is the Gen Z Whisperer. She’s the founder and CEO of Zebra Intelligence, a consumer insights platform that connects companies with teens for real-time feedback and marketing purposes, and rewards teens with crypto. They work with Fortune 500s, top VCs, and startups. Tiffany is also an early stage investor, and prior to starting Zebra Intelligence, she worked at a $300 million consumer VC fund and was dubbed the youngest VC in the world by the WSJ. She’s been featured as Adweek’s Young Influential and TIME’s Most Influential Teen. Follow her on Twitter: @tzhongg
Tinzar is a multi-cultural marketing, social media and events expert working across entertainment, media and technology. As VP of Marketing &amp; Events at Digital Media Wire, she heads up the Digital Media Wire events team and manages many of the company’s most significant sponsorship and marketing relationships across its events and publishing properties as well as social media outreach. Since joining the company in 2002, Tinzar has been instrumental in building relationships with leading companies in the media, entertainment and technology industries. Her clients range from Fortune 500 companies to start-ups and cover such industries as games, music, film, television, publishing, mobile and Internet commerce. Tinzar is also a core member of the company’s corporate strategy team and is active in building new partnerships and launching products and events. Prior to joining Digital Media Wire as Marketing Director in 2002, Tinzar was head of communications at the Beverly Hills Hotel. During her term, she was in charge of Internet and communications issues and the management of the hotel’s Communications staff. She handled the hotel’s relationships with mobile service providers, managed the Department’s budget, payroll, phone equipment and office supply inventories. Prior to that, Tinzar held management positions at the Four Seasons Hotel at Beverly Hills, the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood and the world-renowned Halekulani Hotel in Waikiki, Honolulu. Tinzar holds a Bachelor of Science degree from University of Massachusetts at Amherst with a major in Hotel &amp; Restaurant Management and a minor in Japanese. She is a fluent Burmese, Thai, and English speaker and speaks conversational Japanese.
Todd Klein is a Partner at Revolution. He joined Revolution after serving as co-founder, Managing Director, and Chief Investment Officer of SWaN &amp; Legend Ventures and Interim COO of Anonymous Content. During his 20-year career, Todd has been involved in financing and building over 150 venture and growth stage companies in the media, consumer, technology, education, and healthcare sectors. He has served on more than 30 corporate boards and is currently on the boards of Anonymous Content, China Senior Care, and Launchpad Central. He is also a board observer at Revolution Growth companies CustomInk, Optoro, Echo360, and Cava. Todd has authored two books on Transformative Companies—entrepreneurial enterprises that change their markets, industries, and the world around them—including East of Wall Street, a work of business fiction, and Built for Change: Essential Traits of Transformative Companies. Todd began his career at Salomon Brothers and earned a BBA from the University of Texas and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Tom runs the Content Reinvention Department. Using agile development and an inclusive ideation process, his team has created interactive content in the form of interactive data visualizations (factives), games, quizzes, and more. Tom is driven by his love of exploring the cutting edge of technology and design to bring the most exciting and satisfying experiences to the company’s publishing partners.
As CEO of AVL Digital Group, the parent company of CD Baby and Disc Makers, Tony van Veen has spent 30 years helping independent artists release, distribute, and promote their own music globally. CD Baby, the largest independent digital distributor in the world, representing 650,000 independent artists worldwide, provides a catalog of almost 10 million tracks to Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon, and other streaming service providers. The company has representatives in the UK, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico. AVL Digital Group companies also offer CD Manufacturing (Disc Makers), web hosting (HostBaby), book publishing (BookBaby), and merch (Merchly) services to artists, filmmakers, and authors.
Travis Tucker has been composing and licensing music for commercials, film, and new media for over 13 years. A founding partner at Overcoast Music &amp; Sound, he has composed/produced work for brands such as Adidas, Under Armour, Duracell, Tanqueray, Target, Mitsubishi, Dove, Google, Samsung, IHOP, GEICO, McDonalds, Butterfinger, HomeGoods, and many more.
“JAAK is on a mission to build a global view of IP rights for the media industries. Through its KORD network which harnesses blockchain technology, it is building a new standard for rights and licensing management that contributes to this global view. In the music industry, KORD connects identifying information from across the business, including labels, publishers, performing rights organizations, artists, songwriters and their representatives.” Vaughn McKenzie-Landell is CEO and co-founder at JAAK. Following an initial spell in finance at Dow Jones, Vaughn co-founded music production group, “The Arcade”, before venturing into the world of User Experience Design and Product Development. Vaughn most recently spent four years consulting at Virgin Media on Software Adoption.
Vida Mylson is the Sr. Director of Brand Sales and Marketing for EA’s Global Brand Partnerships organization; leading talented strategic sponsorship and marketing managers in providing advertisers with cross-platform global solutions across Console, Mobile, and esports.  EA operates the largest media sales organization in the video games space, helping brands build beneficial relationships through dynamic media, engagement solutions, deep integrations, sponsorships and marketing promotions. With more than 18 years of experience in the advertising space, Vida’s career has spanned across Television, Radio, Print and Digital. Prior to joining EA Vida ran business development at app ssavvy, as Vice President of Sales and Marketing she executed some of the very first brand Social Gaming integrations when Facebook first opened its API and has served as a social marketing and gaming leader ever since.  Vida and her team are focused on finding innovative ways for brands to easily participate in a scalable and engaging solutions across all of EA’s various platforms and best of breed IP’s.
Virginie Berger is the Managing Partner of DBTHCap Ventures, a VC Fund that focuses on music-tech (specifically on rights tech) and media tech. DBTHCap Ventures is a post seed and serie A hybrid venture fund (debt and equity). Berger is the former CEO of of Armonia Online, the first pan-European licensing hub for online music. Berger is also the founder of DBTH, a Paris-based consultancy for technology and media businesses, specialising in strategy, marketing and business development and Don’t believe the Hype, a media specialized in content-tech. Before setting up DBTH in 2011, Virginie worked for Microsoft, NRJ and Myspace, which she joined as marketing and content director as it first became established in France. She is the author of a book about digital marketing and monetisation of music online: “Music and Digital Strategies”.
Wes Levitt is Head of Strategy for Theta Labs, where he works on marketing and press relations, analytics, and corporate strategy. Prior to joining Theta Labs, Wes spent 8 years in investment roles in real estate equity and securitized debt. He holds a BS in Economics from University of Oregon and an MBA from UC-Berkeley Haas School of Business.
Wesley T. A’Harrah develops and delivers Music Ally b2b training on a global level, with clients including all of the major record labels, numerous publishers, independents such as Beggars Group and Domino, brands such as Red Bull and Spotify, and other media and entertainment organizations and agencies. Music Ally’s training is centered on highlighting the best digital tools and industry trends to help companies continually develop the sharpest strategies. Wesley contributes to Music Ally’s Sandbox Reports on digital marketing tools, trends and opportunities, is an early-stage investor, and has founded multiple startups across publishing and influencer marketing spaces. Wesley is also leading this year’s launch of a music business program at LIMPI, a one-year-intensive music production/ songwriting program in Norway featuring Stargate, Espionage, Axident and Emily Warren among its visiting mentors.
William Quigley is CEO of OPSkins.com, the world’s largest marketplace for video game virtual items. He is also managing director of Cashel Enterprises, a cryptocurrency focused investment vehicle. Cashel has incubated and invested in more than 40 Bitcoin, blockchain and cryptocurrency related investments. Quigley co-founded many transformative crypto companies including Tether, a USD derivative adopted by many of the world’s leading crypto exchanges and Gocoin, a pioneering crypto payments processor. He also co-founded WAX, a utility token for trading video game virtual item. Prior to forming Cashel, William co-founded Clearstone Venture Partners, an early-stage focused venture capital firm where he concentrated on internet investments. He also co-founded the world’s first consumer internet venture capital firm and led internet incubation efforts at idealab, the most successful consumer internet incubator of the Web 1.0 era. Prior to Clearstone, William spent seven years in a variety of business planning and new venture roles at The Walt Disney Company. His tenure at Disney included finance and operational roles at Euro Disney, the Disney Store retail chain, and Disney Consumer Products. He oversaw strategic planning and finance activities for the Walt Disney Company’s licensing division, the world’s largest consumer products licensor. William also co-managed Disney’s Merchant Banking Group, where he negotiated and structured acquisitions and equity investments in the company’s strategic licensees. Prior to Disney, William was a Senior Consultant with Arthur Andersen’s Financial Services Group. At Andersen, William assisted banks and S&amp;Ls in their asset securitization and risk segmentation efforts (prior to the idiots getting too clever for their own good and almost destroying the modern financial system). He also advised Japanese banks on their US market entry strategies. William received his MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School, where he was appointed a Kauffman Fellow. He holds a B.S. in Accounting with honors from the University of Southern California.
Aaron Levie is an American entrepreneur. He is the co-founder and CEO of the enterprise cloud company Box.
Ahmet Zappa is an entrepreneur, NY Times Best Selling Author, film and television screenwriter and producer. He also runs the extensive Frank Zappa estate through the Zappa Family Trust as co-Trustee. As an entrepreneur, Zappa consults or partners with a variety of businesses and brands often creating content for their marketing strategies. He helped form the company Blk-Ops in 2012. Blk-Ops has done all of Microsoft’s major commercials since 2014. As a creative, he stays involved from pre-production to post-production on all projects. To Ahmet, marketing is just another form of storytelling, which is what he loves. As a co-Trustee he manages and administers all assets of the Frank Zappa business. This includes recordings, publishing, name image and likeness as well as furthering the Zappa business and trademarks in the marketplace. Under his entertainment shingle, Monsterfoot Productions, he conceived the story, developed and produced “The Odd Life of Timothy Green,” for Walt Disney Pictures. He also originated the ideas and wrote the screenplays for “Monster Witness Relocation Program” and “Tiki.” At Sony Pictures, he is producing the movies “Dodge &amp; Twist” and “Savage Planet.” As an author, he wrote the critically acclaimed novel “The Monstrous Memoirs of a Mighty McFearless,” the picture book “Because I’m Your Dad,” graphic novels and co-created the new Disney brand and book series “Star Darlings” with his wife. Zappa began his TV writing career working on short form, comedic web content for various production companies and animation studios. He then moved into scripting family content, sitcoms, action oriented dramas as well as supernatural and science fiction based high concept television shows. As a musician, Zappa has written and scored commercials, web series, reality series, specials, television projects and recorded songs for motion picture soundtracks. He has been a member of a few bands, made a handful of albums and music videos and has also toured the globe playing music. As an actor and TV personality, he has performed in many half-hour and scripted television shows, hosted hundreds of hours of reality programming and various game show formats.
Allen DeBevoise is the Founder of Third Wave Digital Partners. He is a Founder and serves as Chief Executive Officer at RoundUp Media, LLC. Mr. DeBevoise is also a Venture Partner of IECP Fund Management, LLC. Additionally, he serves as an Advisor at TreatFeed, Inc. He has more than 20 years of experience in the multimedia and interactive business. Mr. DeBevoise co-founded and served as Chief Executive Officer at Machinima, Inc. until March 31, 2014. He also co-founded  StyleHaul, Inc. He founded MiTu, Inc. in 2012. Mr. DeBevoise joined The MiTu Network as an Advisor and Investor. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at TCI Interactive. Mr. DeBevoise was a Founder of Movie Magic Technologies. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Interactive Communications. Mr. DeBevoise served as Chief Executive Officer at Studio Systems, Inc. and GoodStory.com. He serves as the Chairman of Machinima, Inc. He serves as a Director of Good Dye Young, Inc., StyleHaul, Inc., DanceOn, Mitu, InDMusic, Inc., Tubular Labs, Inc., Roundup Media, LLC, iVillage, Sportsline, Creative Planet, TMZ and HauteLook. Mr. DeBevoise has been a Member of Advisory Board of Kiosked Ltd. since January 30, 2014. He also served as the Chairman of Studio Systems, Inc. and GoodStory.com. He served as Outside Director of LowerMyBills, Inc. and True/Slant. Mr. DeBevoise served as Director of Dealer Dot Com, Inc. (Dealer.com, Incorporated). He has been engaged on the leading edge in the digital media / interactive arena for over 30 years including working on the first uses of computer animation in entertainment (“Tron”), the first interactive video on the Mac (“Guernica”), the first interactive television trial (Time Warner Orlando) and the first broadband cable Internet prototype (“@Home”). Mr. DeBevoise was on the Hollywood Reporter’s Digital Power List 2009 and on Digital Media Wire’s 2010 List of “25 Executives to Watch”. Mr. DeBevoise holds an M.S. in Computer Science and a B.A. in Mathematics both from the University of Pennsylvania.
Experienced and successful Global Marketing Communications Officer who’s mission in life is to build brands that stand the test of time. These brands are anchored in purpose; have a meaningful impact on people’s lives; are built through strong emotional connections; behave with integrity and are constantly reinventing themselves to deliver their purpose. Demonstrated history of building strong global brands. Skilled in developing successful strategies that drive revenue; building high performing teams and marketing ecosystems; infusing deep analytics into effective communication strategies and driving meaningful innovation throughout the customer journey . Recognized thought leader and global influencer in Marketing transformation and driving results through diversity.
Technology and entertainment executive with over 30 years of experience leading corporate strategy, driving digital innovation, enhancing business operations and significantly increasing revenue. Currently CEO at Scientific Games, a global leader in gaming technology and entertainment, offering the broadest and most integrated portfolio of land-based and digital game content, advanced systems, sports betting and professional services. Prior to this, was CEO of Scientific Games’ Interactive Division, leading strategy and growth plans for digital and mobile platforms, doubling the revenue in two years, and guiding efforts to enter Sports Betting and iLottery markets through the NYX Gaming Group acquisition. Previously served as Vice Chairman of Deluxe Entertainment and SVP of Technology at MacAndrews &amp; Forbes – responsible for digital innovation, including Deluxe’s launch of Virtual Reality. Prior to that, was Chief Revenue Officer and EVP – Games for Zynga. Led corporate and business development, strategic partnerships, distribution, marketing and advertising. Also served as EVP – Interactive for Electronic Arts (EA) for five years. Grew EA’s mobile and online game division from approximately $140 million in yearly revenues to more than $600 million to become the worldwide market leader. Earlier in career, served as Founder/CEO of Quickoffice; COO of Palm Computing; and Senior Vice President of Disney TeleVentures, a division of The Walt Disney Company dedicated to creating interactive online/TV experiences.
Ben Feder currently serves as President, International Partnerships (North America) of Tencent. Prior to joining Tencent in October 2016, Mr. Feder served as co-founder, partner and vice chairman of ZelnickMedia Corporation/ZM, a media investment and management firm, and was also Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Take Two Interactive. Prior to co-founding ZelnickMedia, Mr. Feder was Chief Executive Officer of MessageClick, a leading provider of voice messaging technology for next-generation telephone networks, and held senior positions with News Corporation. He currently serves on the boards of a number of interactive entertainment companies including Glu Mobile, Epic Games, and Hirez Studios.
Bob Gruters is the US Group Lead for Facebook’s Entertainment, Restaurants and Multicultural business teams in North America, overseeing marketing relationships with leading brands across these key verticals. With more than 20 years of experience, Bob has held key leadership positions across the marketing and advertising industry that span television, digital, print, and OOH media. Prior to joining Facebook, Bob launched REVOLT Media, Sean Combs’ television and digital music platform, where he was Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Before that, he was Senior Vice President of Client Development at Univision and Vice President of Business Development at Viacom representing the Entertainment group which included Spike TV, Comedy Central, TV Land and CMT. Before his career in television, Bob led Marketing Services for The New Yorker at Conde Nast. Bob was also the Media Director at Sony Electronics where he led media and marketing strategy across the consumer and B2B divisions. Prior to this position, he held numerous marketing positions at JC Decaux, Esquire (Hearst), and Gannett. Bob earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Rowan University where he met his beautiful wife, Barbara. He is the very proud father of Evan, Grace, Matthew &amp; Ryan and resides in Westfield &amp; Monmouth Beach, NJ.
Brett Bouttier has been the President of AwesomenessTV, Inc. at DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. since July 2015. Mr. Bouttier joined the fast-growing business at the end of 2012, about five months after its launch. He served as Senior Vice President/General Manager of Digital at the Warner Bros Television Group as well as Gm of TMZ, where he oversaw all the business operations, revenue and strategy for the cross-platform brand. In his corporate capacity, he looked  after the developing business operations and revenue for WBTVG digital initiatives and collaborated with the television distribution divisions on the digital distribution of WBTVG’s programming as well as original digital content. In these areas and in previous posts, his experience in digital and traditional media (especially with brands that combine both) is a unique combination. He has secured deals as wide ranging as joint venture formations, audience distribution and licensing deals, large scale sponsorship agreements with Fortune 100 brands and corporate acquisitions. He began working as a TV Research Analyst at Universal Television. He subsequently held various posts in Universal’s television distribution group, rising to Vice President of Cable Sales and Strategy. He joined Warner Bros. in 2004 as Vice President of New Business &amp; Sales Strategy for Telepictures Productions. In that role, he crafted many new media deals, including wireless agreements for many of Telepictures’ series, branded integration deals across all current series, notably a wide-ranging deal with “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” and Sprint, licensing deals for “Ellen” and “The Tyra Banks Show” with XM Satellite Radio and major internet portals and spearheaded the launch of a newly formed digital media sales team to service the growing portfolio of O&amp;O web businesses. He negotiated the joint venture agreement with AOL that became TMZ and was a Key Member of the team that developed and managed the business, which quickly became the number-one entertainment news destination on the Internet and ultimately expanded to a daily television series. Mr. Bouttier graduated from UCLA with a degree in Economics.
Cary Sherman is Chairman and CEO of the Recording Industry Association of America, an organization representing the nation’s major music labels. The trade group’s member companies are responsible for creating, manufacturing, or distributing approximately 85 percent of all legitimate sound recordings sold in the United States.
Chris DeWolfe is an American entrepreneur and the former CEO and co-founder of Myspace (along with Tom Anderson). During DeWolfe’s tenure, MySpace became the top social network, with over 135 million worldwide unique visitors a month.  Under DeWolfe, music became a defining feature of MySpace, which was credited with challenging and reinventing the music label industry  with the MySpace Music section, which allowed unsigned artists to post their music for free and launched the careers of several famous musicians, among them Lily Allen and Sean Kingston. Currently, DeWolfe is the CEO of Jam City, Inc.
Dan Porter is the Head of Digital at William Morris Endeavor where he oversees digital strategy and the building of new digital products. He is the former CEO of OMGPOP where he oversaw the design and release of Draw Something. Draw Something has been downloaded on Android and iPhone over 100 million times and is the 3rd most downloaded game ever. Porter has had three #1 apps on the iPhone. In 2012, he led the sale of OMGPOP to Zynga. Previously he was the SVP of Corporate Development for Richard Branson’s Virgin Group in North America where he invested in and started new Virgin Companies. Previously Porter was on the early team of TicketWeb, the first online ticketing company and he led its sale to TicketMaster, a unit of IAC. Porter started as a public school teacher in Crown Heights Brooklyn, then was part of the founding team of Teach For America. He led the recruitment for Teach For America and eventually served as the President of Teach For America. Porter is the founder of Inside Startups, a resource for startups in NYC and on the board of Venture For America. He lives in Brooklyn, NY with his wife and two sons.
David Perry is a Northern Irish video game developer and programmer. He became prominent for programming platform games for 16-bit home consoles in the early to mid 1990s, including  Disney’s Aladdin ,  Cool Spot , and  Earthworm Jim . He founded Shiny Entertainment, where he worked from 1993 to 2006. Perry created games for companies such as Disney, 7 Up, McDonald’s, Orion Pictures, and Warner Bros.  In 2008 he was presented with an honorary doctorate from Queen’s University Belfast for his services to computer gaming.  He is co-founder of cloud-based games service Gaikai, which was acquired by Sony Computer Entertainment.
David F. Poltrack is Chief Research Officer, CBS Corporation, and President of CBS VISION. David oversees all research operations at CBS encompassing audience measurement, market research, program testing, advertising research and monitoring of the national and international video marketplace. He designed and oversees CBS TELEVISION CITY at the MGM GRAND, Las Vegas, CBS’ state of the art research center. CBS VISION is a research unit exploring and offering insight on emerging technologies, media consumption patterns and advertising value in the media marketplace.
David M. Zaslav is the president and chief executive officer of Discovery Inc., a position he has held since January 2007. He was previously an executive at NBC Universal. In 2016, Zaslav was listed on Vanity Fair’s New Establishment List, described as 100 “Silicon Valley hotshots, Hollywood moguls, Wall Street titans, and cultural icons.
Eric joined Mashable in June of 2015 to launch Mashable Studios from scratch. It has since evolved to a team of 50 producers, editors, cinematographers, animators, illustrators, etc., and produces all original visual and motion content for Mashable. Prior to Mashable, he had been SVP, Brand Social &amp; Content for DigitasLBi, leading development of original and partnered social and content strategy for brands such as Harley Davidson, Bank of America, General Motors, Lenovo, Sprint and many others. Prior to Digitas, Eric spent 25 years as a producer of episodic television, TV commercials, feature and documentary films, and music videos. He was formerly chief operating officer of Scout Productions, creators and producers of Emmy winning Queer Eye for the Straight Guy. As a TV Commercial Executive Producer, he worked with Oscar winners Errol Morris, Robert Richardson and Hank Corwin on projects across the globe. Eric has an undergraduate degree from Boston University, and graduate degrees from Boston University and Harvard University.
Frank Gibeau is a mobile, PC and console gaming industry veteran, with nearly 25 years of experience in interactive entertainment. He is currently a member of the board of directors for Zynga and Graphiq. Mr. Gibeau spent more than two decades at Electronic Arts Inc., where he held a number of influential business and product leadership roles. Most recently he served as the Executive Vice President of EA Mobile from October 2013 to May 2015, where he led strategy, product development and publishing for the company’s fast-growing mobile games business. In that role, Mr. Gibeau managed EA’s portfolio of popular mobile franchises including The Simpsons: Tapped Out, Plants vs. Zombies, Real Racing, Bejeweled, Star Wars, Minions, SimCity, EA SPORTS, and The Sims.
Garth Ancier is an American media executive. He is known for being one of only two people (the other being Fred Silverman) to have programmed three of the five US broadcast television networks (Founding Programmer at Fox, Founding Programmer at The WB (now The CW), and NBC Entertainment).
George Strompolos has been a Director of Business Development at YouNow, Inc. since October 2015. Mr. Strompolos founded Fullscreen, Inc. in January 2011 and served as its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Strompolos is a co-creator of the YouTube Partner Program. Mr. Strompolos served as strategic partnerships manager at YouTube and was responsible for establishing distribution channels with new media companies and content producers. In 2007, Mr. Strompolos co-created  the YouTube Partner Program, which provided new monetization opportunities for a new class of online content producers around the world. Mr. Strompolos began his career in various business development roles at WIRED Magazine, CNET Networks, and Google. To date, Mr. Strompolos has been named one of Advertising Age’s “40 under 40” in 2013 and one of The Hollywood Reporter’s “Top 35 Executives Under Age 35” in 2008. Mr. Strompolos speaks regularly at industry events such as NATPE, Digital Hollywood, VidCon, and SXSW, to name a few. Mr. Strompolos received his Bachelor of Arts in mass communications and Bachelor of Science in business administration from the University of California, Berkeley.
Double Down Interactive is a game company developing and running mobile   apps and Facebook games under the brand DoubleDown Casino. Our app is   consistently in the top 5 grossing iOS apps and #1 on Facebook for years.  We grew this from scratch to 250 people during my tenure and over $300   million in annual revenue. DoubleDown was acquired by IGT in 2012 for   $500 million, including earnouts, which were all 100% achieved! Rock on   DoubleDown Employees!
Henry S. Schleiff is Group President of the Travel Channel, Investigation Discovery (ID), American Heroes Channel and Destination America portfolio, overseeing the development, production, scheduling, research, marketing, communications and online efforts for all five networks. Known for revitalizing and strengthening brands, Schleiff’s portfolio features some of the fastest growing networks in television. Under Schleiff’s leadership, ID has grown from the #50 network to a top 10 television network for women and the #1 network in all of television for audience engagement. In addition, ID has gone from 54 million homes in 2009, when Schleiff joined the network, to more than 86 million homes, today.
Howie Singer has been a Special Technology Consultant to the Digital Strategy team at Universal Music Group for more than a year. He previously served as SVP and Chief Strategic Technologist for the Warner Music Group analyzing new models and services that could enhance or threaten WMG’s businesses.  Howie is a leading expert on the implications of technology for the music industry and is teaching a graduate class on “Data Analysis in the Music Industry” at NYU this fall.  He played a leading role in the transition from physical products to digital music delivery. In 1996, he co-founded a2b music; a pioneering distribution service using audio and security technologies from AT&amp;T. Over his 20 year career at Bell Labs, he led teams developing retail and call center management software, speakerphones, cellular phones, and videophones. Howie received PhD (’79) and MS (’77) degrees in Operations Research from Cornell and a BS degree in Computer Science/Math from Stony Brook.
Jac Holzman is one of the true visionaries of the music industry. He founded Elektra Records, an independent label that nurtured some of the most unique folk and rock talents of the age, from Judy Collins, Phil Ochs, Fred Neil and Tim Buckley to the Doors, the Stooges, MC5 and Love. Even the disparate likes of the Butterfield Blues Band, Carly Simon and Queen found a home at Elektra, whose tasteful eclecticism made it the ultimate boutique label.
Jack Abernethy served as the President of FOX News Network, LLC since August 12, 2016 until May 2018. Mr. Abernethy serves as the Chief Executive Officer at Fox Television Stations, Inc. Mr. Abernethy served as Chief Financial Officer of FOX News Network, LLC until November 2004. He joined Fox News in 1996 and served as its Executive Vice President. He spent 15 years with General Electric Co., where he served executive positions at the NBC TV stations division and  CNBC. He has been a Director of National Association of Television Program Executives since September 2013. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Georgetown University and his MBA degree from New York University. In 2012, he was inducted into the Broadcasting &amp; Cable Hall of Fame.
Jesse Jacobs serves as President at The Chernin Group, LLC. Mr. Jacobs serves as a Member of the Board of Directors of Otter Media Holdings, LLC. Prior to joining The Chernin Group, Jacobs was a senior member of the Media, Entertainment and Sports team at Goldman Sachs focusing on advisory, financing, and investing activities. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Jacobs ran content for the online video company iFilm; produced a live and online film festival and music awards show  for Yahoo!; and worked in sports television production for Fox and CBS. He also serves on the boards of Fullscreen, a leading youth media and online video company; Crunchyroll, a leading online subscription video on demand company; and Headspace, a leading mindfulness and meditation company. Mr. Jacobs has a BA in English and Communications from The University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from The Wharton School.
Jeff Pezzuti is CEO of Eyellusion, leading the company’s live music hologram production creation. He oversees Eyellusion’s collaborative work with artists and management to design, create and tour hologram-based productions that meet fan demand, open new revenue opportunities and preserve artist legacies. The Eyellusion team’s extensive live music experience across show design, booking and touring combined with its end-to-end hologram production capabilities uniquely positions the company as an ideal partner for emerging and established artists alike. Prior to founding Eyellusion, Jeff held a range of finance leadership roles in the software and advertising industries. He lives in New York with his family, splitting time between the east coast and Eyellusion’s Los Angeles office.
Chances are good you’ve run across a Square device at some point, especially if you’ve recently visited a food truck or similarly mobile small business. The tiny piece of plastic that allows you to swipe credit cards on your smartphone or tablet has been joined by a full iPad docking system, essentially becoming a full cash register (without the cash). The company, co-founded five years ago by Jim McKelvey and Jack Dorsey — also the co-founder of Twitter — has more than 600 employees and is now valued at $6 billion. This summer, the company announced its intentions to move into the food-delivery market by buying a startup called Caviar. Stay tuned for more. —Inc. Magazine, “15 Entrepreneurs to Watch in 2015,” December 2014 Jim McKelvey is an inventor, entrepreneur, artist, author and licensed pilot. While perhaps best known for co-founding Square, one of Silicon Valley’s hottest startups, McKelvey is, in some circles, better known as a master glass artist and author, having written the world’s most widely read text on the subject, The Art Of Fire. His most famous venture, Square, is changing payments. His latest venture, LaunchCode, is making it possible for anyone to learn programming and land a full-time job in under six months–for free. A 1987 Washington University Economics and Computer Science graduate, McKelvey will discuss founding successful companies in payments, education, scientific publishing, construction, printing, glassblowing and software. Each business is founded upon a simple idea and run by people committed to that idea. Jim has never sold any of his companies and as a result now oversees a diverse portfolio of businesses. Referencing personal experiences and local challenges, McKelvey offers a fresh, Silicon Valley-approach to problem solving. McKelvey is the founder of Third Degree Glass Factory, one of the nation’s main centers of glassblowing arts. McKelvey also founded Mira Digital Publishing, an early digital technology startup, where he gave a young programmer an internship and a place to hone his tech skills. That programmer, Jack Dorsey, went on to create Twitter and partner again with McKelvey in the development of the Square Payments Platform. Jim is the author of three textbooks, two on computer programming and one on glassblowing. He teaches at Washington University in St. Louis and lectures internationally on art and entrepreneurship. McKelvey, and his wife, Anna (a programmer and attorney), have a four-year-old son.
Benjamin and Joel Madden, also known as The Madden Brothers, hail from the suburbs of Washington D.C. and are known internationally for fronting their band Good Charlotte. The band formed in a garage while the brothers were in high school and signed a major label record deal shortly after. The brothers have not only written chart topping hits for themselves, they can also be found in the credits of over a dozen other artists’ recordings. In true Madden Brothers fashion, the pair have been a hit in the television world, hosting their own MTv show and residing as judges on The Voice Australia for multiple seasons. With bit parts in several major motion pictures and other TV appearances across the last dozen years, the Maddens don’t stop there. In 2014 the concept of a greater involvement in the business was cemented with the formation of MDDN, a process driven music management and media company, for artists by artists, with an emphasis on empathy and fairness. There the brothers work with a team of specialists to further the vision of new and established artists. The Maddens currently split time between residences in New York and Los Angeles, occasionally headlining Good Charlotte tours and large scale festivals. They can be found on a daily basis, ideating and activating concepts and strategies that are changing the face of business as we know it and impacting popular culture on a global scale.
John Landgraf has been the Chief Executive Officer of FX Networks, LLC since June 2013 and served as its President. Mr. Landgraf serves as the Chief Executive Officer of FX Productions. Mr. Landgraf oversees all aspects of entertainment and business operations for FX Networks, including FX, FXM, FXX, FX Productions (FXP) and the digital video-on-demand platform, FXNOW. Mr. Landgraf joined FX as President of Entertainment in January 2004 and was elevated to the position  of President and General Manager of FX Networks in May 2005. Since joining FX Networks, Mr. Landgraf has increased the amount of its original programming six-fold, largely through the creation of FX Productions. His legacy of acclaimed and award-winning programs began with Rescue Me and continued with Damages, Sons of Anarchy, Justified and the American Horror Story franchise. Before joining FX, Mr. Landgraf was President of Jersey Television, a company he co-founded in 1999 along with former Jersey Films partners Danny DeVito, Michael Shamberg and Stacey Sher. From 1994-1999, he served as Vice President of Primetime Series at NBC, helping to develop or oversee shows including The West Wing, Profiler, Suddenly Susan, ER and Friends. He began his television career at Sarabande Productions as Director of Development in 1988, rising to the level of Senior Vice President. He has been named Chair Appointee to the Executive Committee of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Board of Governors. In May 2012, Mr. Landgraf received the Vanguard Award for Programming from the NCTA. He was also named Adweek’s 2013 TV Executive of the Year. Mr. Landgraf holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Anthropology from Pitzer College in Claremont, California, and was a Coro Fellow from 1984 to 1985.
John Pleasants is a high-tech internet executive that has consistently led public and private companies to $ billions in market capitalization gains over the past 15 years. As a CEO and President, Pleasants has built and run start-ups as well as divisions of worldwide media and Internet conglomerates. In these consumer-facing businesses, some with significant enterprise customers and strategies, he has scaled business models in ecommerce transactions, subscriptions, advertising, content / service purchases and in-app transactions. Pleasants has overseen the acquisitions, mergers and integrations of 34 companies totaling ~$1.5 billion across all forms of gaming, global live event ticketing, online dating, local services and consumer-driven healthcare.
Ken Hertz specializes in representing talent, entrepreneurs and new media companies in the technology, fashion, sports and entertainment industries.  Prior to joining the firm, Ken was in charge of music — business and legal affairs – for The Walt Disney Company. Ken is also a principal in memBrain – an entertainment marketing and strategy consulting firm. memBrain consults a number of businesses operating in the entertainment content, fashion, technology and marketing industries (such as Hasbro, McDonald’s, Intel, UBS, Logitech and Keds). Ken is a frequent speaker and commentator on the subjects of entertainment, marketing and convergence, is often quoted in the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, and Wall Street Journal, has appeared on CNBC’s monthly newsmagazine “Business Nation,” and has been an instructor at UCLA’s Anderson Graduate School of Management and an adjunct professor of law at USC. Ken graduated from UCLA Law School in 1984.
Kevin E. Mayer has been Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. since July 2014. Prior to joining BJ’s Restaurants, Mr. Mayer was employed by Volkswagen of America, the U.S. subsidiary of the second largest global auto brand, Volkswagen AG, where he served as Vice President of Marketing from June 2012 to December 2013. From October 2010 to June 2012, Mr. Mayer was employed by General Motors and served as their Director of Global  Advertising and Promotions for Chevrolet. Prior to that, Mr. Mayer served as the Director of Marketing Communications for Subaru of America from March 2007 to October 2010. Early in his career, he served in a variety of agency and client-side leadership roles such as Grey Advertising
Kevin Reilly is an American media executive who serves as the president of TBS and TNT and as and chief creative officer for Turner Entertainment Networks. Throughout his career, he has held executive positions at FX, NBC, and Fox,  and has championed successful programs such as  The Sopranos ,  Empire, The Office ,  30 Rock ,  Friday Night Lights ,  The Shield ,  ER, Law &amp; Order  and  Glee , among others.
Kristin Patrick shares her diverse and exciting career path that included stops in law school, entertainment, fashion, beauty and even as former CMO of Playboy to become the first ever CMO of Brand Development for PepsiCo.  This new role allowed Kristin to take full advantage of her unique strengths in bringing together creative storytelling and digital entertainment. As Head of Brand Development, Kristin works across all divisions of Pepsi and is focused on digital strategy, content development and long-term brand strategy. Kristin’s strengths align beautifully with her passions for creativity, strategic thinking and analytics.  Interestingly, one of Kristin’s big tips for success is to know what you’re good at and don’t try to be something that you’re not.  In her journey, she often tried to downplay her creative side, which ultimately made all the difference in her career and earning her role at Pepsi.
Lars U. Buttler Co-founded Trion Worlds, Inc. (alternate name: Trion World Network, Inc.) in 2006 and served as it’s Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Buttler served as Vice President for Global Online of Electronic Arts, the world’s largest independent developer and publisher of interactive entertainment software. He led EA’s strategy for online games and services and ran EA’s Online Studio, home to the pioneering Ultima Online MMOG franchise. Before EA, Dr. Buttler served  as Vice President for Leveraged Buyouts at the Carlyle Group, the premier global private equity firm, focusing on large-scale investments in entertainment, media, and telecommunications. Prior to Carlyle, Dr. Buttler served as President of Wingcast Europe, a joint venture of QUALCOMM &amp; Ford Motor Co., and a leading wireless in-vehicle media platform &amp; interactive service network. Dr. Buttler holds a Ph.D. in Engineering from Dortmund University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and earned an M.B.A from Harvard Business School.
Leslie Roy “Les” Moonves is Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CBS Corporation. Moonves served as Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of Viacom, Inc., the predecessor to CBS Corporation, from 2004 until the company split on December 31, 2005. Prior to that, he had a series of executive positions at CBS, since July 1995. He has been a Director at ZeniMax Media since 1999. He became Chairman of CBS in February 2016. Leslie Moonves also studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City.
Lilly Singh is a Canadian YouTuber of Indian descent widely known as IISuperwomanII. Since beginning her channel in October 2010, her videos have received over 2 billion views, and her channel has accumulated over 14 million subscribers.  In 2017, she was ranked tenth on the  Forbes  list of the world’s highest paid YouTube stars, earning a reported $10.5 million in 2017.  Singh has featured in the annual YouTube Rewind every year since 2014. She was ranked first on 2017 Forbes Top Influencers List in the entertainment category. Lilly Singh has received an MTV Fandom Award, four Streamy Awards, two Teen Choice Awards and a People’s Choice Award to date in her career. In 2016, Singh released a red lipstick, in conjunction with Smashbox, called “BAWSE”, and released her first feature film, titled  A Trip to Unicorn Island . She reached 14 million YouTube subscribers in August 2018, and her channel is currently in the top 100 most subscribed on YouTube. As of August 2018, she has over 7.8 million followers on Instagram. In March 2017, she released her first book,  How to be a Bawse: A Guide to Conquering Life .
Logan Alexander Paul is an American actor, director, internet personality, screenwriter, rapper, and white collar boxer. Paul first gained fame through videos shared on former internet video service Vine.  Paul’s television and film work includes guest appearances on  Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit  and  Weird Loners , and starring roles in films  The Thinning  and  The Space Between Us .
Creative business music executive with 32 years of evolution. Lyor has consolidated numerous recording entities such as large and independent labels, presided over a major label and, a World Wide Music Group. In addition, Lyor assists and develops talented music executives as well as artists.
Mark Cuban is an American businessman and investor. He is the owner of the National Basketball Association (NBA)’s Dallas Mavericks, co-owner of 2929 Entertainment and chairman of AXS TV. He is also one of the main “shark” investors on the ABC reality television series,  Shark Tank . In 2011, Cuban wrote an e-book,  How to Win at the Sport of Business , in which he chronicles his experiences in business and sports.  
Min Kim has been the Chief Executive Officer of Nexon America, Inc. since September 1, 2012. Mr. Kim serves as an Advisor of Booyah, Inc. He served as Nexon America’s Senior Vice President, Live Games. Mr. Kim served as Vice President of Live Games. He served as Vice President of Marketing at Nexon America, Inc. Mr. Kim was responsible for business development initiatives and game operations of Nexon published titles in the US. He co-founded Nexon America. Mr. Kim  operated the successful launch of the Global Edition of Maple Story as the Vice President of Global Business Development at Wizet Corp. He started his career in video games as a Senior Associate of Business Development at Nexon Corporation and had new business opportunities such as a social networking service, a board game business and online game licensing. Prior to Nexon, he was an Investment Banking Analyst in the media group of Salomon Smith Barney in New York. Mr. Kim serves as the Chairman of the Board at Academy of Interactive Arts &amp; Sciences and has been its Director since February 2, 2012. He has been a Member of the America’s Advisory Board for Merchant Risk Council Inc. since August 2012. Mr. Kim holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Statistics from Columbia College.
Mitchell H. Lasky, also known as Mitch, J.D., serves as a General Partner of Benchmark. Mr. Lasky joined Benchmark in April 2007. He served as an Executive Vice President of EA Mobile at Electronic Arts Inc. from September 2006 to April 2, 2007 and its Senior Vice President of EA Mobile from February 2006 to September 2006. Previously, Mr. Lasky served as the Chief Executive Officer of EA Mobile LLC (formerly JAMDAT Mobile, Inc.) since November 2000. He served as  a General Manager at eCompanies Wireless LLC. Mr. Lasky served as an Executive Vice President and Head of Worldwide Studios for Activision, Inc., from March 1995 to June 2000. In that role, he was responsible for product development, business development and global operations. Prior to this, Mr. Lasky founded Serum. From 1993 to 1994, he served as a New Media Business Affairs Lawyer at the Walt Disney Company. Prior to that, Mr. Lasky practiced intellectual property law at Irell and Manella from 1988 to 1992, co-founding the multimedia law practice. He served as Executive Officer at Walt Disney Co.   Mr. Lasky has spent more than two decades in the mobile gaming, new media and interactive entertainment business. He served more than two decades in the mobile gaming, new media and interactive entertainment business. Mr. Lasky served as Chairman and Director of Hiplogic Inc. He served as the Chairman of EA Mobile LLC (formerly JAMDAT Mobile, Inc.) since February 2001. He has been a Director of PlayFab, Inc. since February 27, 2015 and Outpost Games, Inc. since July 23, 2015. He serves as a Director of Hammer &amp; Chisel, Inc., Vivox, Inc., Cyanogen, NaturalMotion, Engine Yard, Inc., thatgamecompany, LLC, Gaikai, Inc., Learnist, Inc. (formerly Grockit Inc.); Gaia; Riot Games, Inc.; Red Robot Labs, Inc. and EngineYard. He was Director of Snap Inc. from December 2012 to August 02, 2018. He served as a Director of EA Mobile LLC. He served as a Director of Linden Research, Inc. Mr. Lasky has a J.D. from the University of Virginia School Of Law and graduated from Harvard College, magna cum laude, with a B.A. in History and Literature.
Nolan Kay Bushnell is an American electrical engineer and businessman. He established Atari, Inc. and the Chuck E. Cheese’s Pizza Time Theatre chain. Bushnell has been inducted into the Video Game Hall of Fame and the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame, received the BAFTA Fellowship and the Nations Restaurant News “Innovator of the Year” award, and was named one of  Newsweek ‘ s “50 Men Who Changed America.” Bushnell has started more than twenty companies and is one of the founding fathers of the video game industry. He is currently on the board of Anti-Aging Games, but his latest venture is an educational software company called Brainrush that is using video game technology in educational software, incorporating real brain science, in a way that Bushnell believes will fundamentally change education. Nolan, who is co-founder and chairman of Brainrush, believes that Brainrush will be his biggest success. Nolan is credited with Bushnell’s Law, an aphorism about games “easy to learn and difficult to master” being rewarding.
Paula A. Kerger is president and chief executive officer of PBS, the nation’s largest non-commercial media organization with nearly 350 member stations throughout the country. Having joined PBS in March 2006, Kerger is the longest-serving president and CEO in PBS history. Under Kerger’s leadership, PBS has grown its audiences across genres and platforms. PBS has moved from the 15th most-watched network in America to number six in the past decade. Over the course of a year, eighty percent of all U.S. television households watch PBS, and each month Americans view an average of 260 million videos across PBS’ web, mobile and connected device platforms.
Peter Gallagher leads Customer Operations for Verizon Digital Media Services. Peter is also responsible for professional services, customer service, engineering and digital media operations for customers in the Over-The-Top (OTT) and TV Everywhere space. Peter oversees the professional services organization that designs workflow solutions to address customers’ digital media delivery needs. Peter’s team supports the integration of the customers’ content management and storefront platforms with the Verizon Digital Media Services environment. Peter has more than 25 years of experience in the media and entertainment industry with implementing operations to manage the rights and availability of content, solutions and delivery technologies.
Peter Moore serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA). Mr. Moore has more than 25 years of experience in gaming, entertainment and consumer products. He is responsible for delivering some of the top-selling sports video games of the current console generation from franchises including FIFA, Madden NFL, NCAA Football and NHL. Prior to joining EA, Mr. Moore was Corporate Vice President of the Interactive Entertainment Business of Microsoft  Corp., where he was responsible for leading both Xbox and Games for Windows businesses, driving games development at Microsoft Game Studios, as well as cultivating relationships with third-party game publishers and developers around the world. Before joining Microsoft, Mr. Moore was President and Chief Operating Officer of Sega of America, where he was responsible for overseeing SEGA’s video game business in North America and prior to that role, was Senior Vice President of Marketing at Reebok International Ltd. He has been a Director at Bleacher Report, Inc. since November 9, 2011. Mr. Moore holds a Bachelor’s degree from Keele University, United Kingdom, and a Master’s degree from California State University, Long Beach.
Philip (Phil) Rosenberg serves as Senior Vice President of Sales and Business Development of Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc., since April 2006. Mr. Rosenberg spent 16 years as president and Chief Executive Officer of The Performance Marketing Group. Mr. Rosenberg leads the team responsible for driving and creating new revenue opportunities for Sony Computer Entertainment America and the PlayStation family of products. He oversees Sony Computer Entertainment  America’s sales and channel relations in the United States, Canada and Latin America. His group works in collaboration with Sony Computer Entertainment America’s existing sales and marketing teams to create, participate in and cultivate relationships and new business opportunities, while maintaining and growing content alliances. Mr. Rosenberg has 25 years of direct experience working in the games and interactive entertainment industry. For the past 16 years he has been heading up manufacturer’s rep firm The Performance Marketing Group, a company he founded, organized to help support and create go-to-market plans and strategies for consumer products through mass-merchants in the North American region. As president and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rosenberg led his company to achieving a cumulative $2 billion sales milestone. He received his Bachelor of Science from the University of Arizona.
Rick Cotton is executive vice president and general counsel for NBC Universal. “Rick brings to the coalition extensive experience in IP policy and a profound commitment to this important fight,” said Paul Fox, outgoing chairman and external relations leader for Global Operations at Procter &amp; Gamble. “He understands the need to bring all industries to the table in order to make real, tangible progress.”
Robert J. Kasunic is Associate Register of Copyrights and director of registration policy and practice for the United States Copyright Office. He was appointed to the position effective April 16, 2013. In his position, Kasunic heads the Office of Registration Policy and Practice, which administers the U.S. copyright registration system and advises the Register of Copyrights on questions of registration policy and related regulations and interpretations of the copyright law. He is a recognized copyright expert and is one of four legal advisors to the Register. Kasunic joined the Copyright Office in 2000 as a senior attorney in the Office of General Counsel and was appointed deputy general counsel in 2010. Prior to arriving at the Office, he worked in private practice on a variety of copyright, trademark, and cyberlaw issues. He currently serves an adjunct professor of law at American University’s Washington College of Law and is on the adjunct faculty of the Georgetown University Law Center and the University of Baltimore School of Law, where he began teaching in 1995. Kasunic earned his JD from the University of Baltimore School of Law and his BA in political science from Columbia University.
Shawn Fanning is an American computer programmer, entrepreneur, and angel investor. He developed Napster, one of the first popular peer-to-peer (“P2P”) file sharing platforms, in 1999. The popularity of Napster was widespread and Fanning was featured on the cover of  Time  magazine. The site in its initial free P2P incarnation was shut down in 2001 after the company’s unsuccessful appeal of court orders arising from its encouraging the illegal sharing and downloading of copyrighted material. A paid subscription version of the site followed, and was purchased by Rhapsody on December 1, 2011. Following his involvement with Napster, he joined, and invested in, a number of early-stage technology startup companies.
Steve Case is one of America’s best-known and most accomplished entrepreneurs, and a pioneer in making the Internet part of everyday life.
Steve Mosko has been Consultant of Sony Pictures Television, Inc. since June 2016. Mr. Mosko served as the Chairman of Sony Pictures Television at Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. from October 5, 2015 to June 2016. Mr. Mosko served as the President of Sony Pictures Television, Inc. at Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. since 2001 until October 5, 2015. Mr. Mosko served as Head of Television Division of Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. since July 2008. Mr. Mosko served  as the President of Sony Pictures Television International. He has been running the television company since 2001. He served as an Executive Vice President of sales of Sony Pictures Entertainment and the President until 2000. He served as Vice President of the Western Region for Columbia TriStar Television Distribution of Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., since 1992. Mr. Mosko served as Vice President and Station Manager of Philadelphia’s WPHL-TV from 1988 to 1991, where he managed the day-to-day operations and was involved in long-term strategic planning. Previously, he served as General Sales Manager of WTAF-TV. He served as an Account Executive and then Local Sales Manager of NBC affiliate WMAR-TV in Baltimore for four years. He served as the President of the Philadelphia Ad Club. Mr. Mosko was inducted into the Broadcasting &amp; Cable Hall of Fame in 2005. He served as Chairman of the National Association of Television Program Executives (NATPE) since 2000 and Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences Foundation (ATAS). Mr. Mosko serves as a Director of Game Show Network, LLC and Game Show Network. He has been a Director of The Advertising Council, Inc., since May 2009. He serves as a Member of the Executive Committee of the Los Angeles Board of Governors of Paley Museum and the National Board of Junior Achievement. He served as Member of Board Of Directors of Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles. Mr. Mosko served as a Member of the Philadelphia Police Department’s Drug Advisory Council. In 1995, his alma mater recognized his accomplishments with their Presidential Achievement Award and later voted him to the 2nd team midfield for the 60 years of University of Delaware Lacrosse All Star Team. Mr. Mosko graduated from the University of Delaware with a Bachelor of Arts degree in communications.
Steve Rennie is an American talent manager, entrepreneur, and the founder of Renman Music and Business. He has been the manager for multi-platinum rock band Incubus for the last 17 years and has guided them from the day they got signed to a record deal to being a hugely successful worldwide record selling and concert attraction. Steve Rennie has worked in the music business for over 30 years. He has a broad range of experience as a concert promoter, record executive, internet entrepreneur, and artist manager. He has also been deeply involved in the intersection of music and technology since the earliest days of the internet.
Theodore A. Sarandos, also known as Ted is Chief Content Officer of Netflix. Mr. Sarandos is a Director of Spotify Technology S.A. since September 13, 2016. He has more than 20 years’ experience in home entertainment, Mr. Sarandos is recognized in the industry as an innovator in film acquisition and distribution. Before Netflix, Inc., Mr. Sarandos was an executive at video distributor ETD and Video City / West Coast Video. Mr. Sarandos is a Henry Crown Fellow at  the Aspen Institute and serves on the board of Exploring The Arts, a non-profit focused on arts in schools. He also serves on the Film Advisory Board for Tribeca and Los Angeles Film Festival, is an American Cinematheque board member, an Executive Committee Member of the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences, and is a trustee of the American Film Institute.
In addition, Ted has a studio deal at 20th Century Fox as their “Futurist”, working directly with senior leadership at the studio on the constantly evolving art and science of the digital age of motion picture creation. He advises and creates strategy on future technology and vision of cinema for the next generation of movie entertainment. Ted is one of the founders and creators of the G-Tech product line of advanced hard drive storage products, that are implemented worldwide for professional Television and Multimedia content creation, and are the most recognized brand in the space. Before being part of the founding teams at RED Digital Cinema and G-Tech, Ted was on the team that developed and launched the Macintosh products desktop video division of AJA Video Systems, that created the groundbreaking Kona Cards and IO boxes. These products are used on a massive scale worldwide for video production and post production at the highest levels, including some of the worlds biggest movies, TV shows and sporting events. Ted has presented on the future of technology and strategy for the media and entertainment industry in many regions of the USA, Europe, China, India, the Middle East, and the Far East. He has consulted worldwide on the technical advances of ultra high resolution digital cinematography and future of advanced next gen. visual experiences for the movie, TV, interactive and gaming industries. Schilowitz has been featured in Wired, Variety, NY Times, Wall Street Journal, The Hollywood Reporter, NBC, Studio Daily, Videography, Film and Video, DV magazine, TV Technology, HD Video Pro Magazine, Digital Television Magazine, Engadget, Gizmodo, Millimeter, American Cinematographer, MacWorld, Post magazine, Popular Science, LA Times and countless other trade publications and mainstream press, discussing technology advancements in his areas of passion and exploration.
Terry McBride isn’t someone who shies away from change, whether it’s in popular music, technology or practicing yoga.  As one of Vancouver’s most prominent entrepreneurs, Terry’s journey from apartment-sized record label to raising $10.25 million in equity financing for Nettwerk in 2013 is a source of pride for the BC business community. Through his international umbrella company Nettwerk Music Group, he has worked with music artists like Coldplay, Avril Lavigne, Dido and Sarah McLachlan, and in recent years, has grown YYoga to become Canada’s largest corporate-owned yoga company.
Thomas Gewecke has been the Chief Digital Officer and Executive Vice President of Strategy &amp; Business Development at Warner Bros. Entertainment, a division of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. since May 2013. Mr. Gewecke is responsible for driving the Studio’s worldwide digital growth and managing its global business strategy. Mr. Gewecke served as the President of Warner Bros. Digital Distribution at Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Inc. and Warner Bros. Entertainment  Inc. since December 2007. Mr. Gewecke served as President of an Operating Unit of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment Group. Mr. Gewecke served as an Executive Vice President of Global Digital Business of Sony BMG Music Entertainment Downloads LLC and Sony Music Entertainment Inc. since April 2006. He served as an Executive Vice President of 550 Digital Media Ventures Inc., since July 2000. He oversaw the 550 Digital Media Venture’s more than 30 digital media properties, including the operation and growth of its fully-owned and incubated companies as well as the conception and development of new businesses. In directing 550 Digital Media Venture’s acquisition and investment activities, he was responsible for identifying new opportunities and business models in the digital media space. Mr. Gewecke served as Senior Vice President, New Technology and Business Development of Sony Music Entertainment Inc. (SME) since November 1999 and was responsible for helping develop new digital products and strategy. He has been involved in the development and operation of online and internet businesses for more than 8 years. Prior to joining SME in 1999, Mr. Gewecke was Publisher of the PC World Online Services Group at International Data Group (IDG) from 1995 to 1999. He held various positions at PC World Communications, a subsidiary of International Data Group, from 1991 to 1999. At IDG, as a Management Associate, he developed the business plan for and co-founded, PC World Online in 1992. As Publisher, he was directly responsible for managing and growing IDG’s largest internet division, which in 1999 included four major product lines: PC World Online, TipWorld, Games.Net, and WebShopper. Mr. Gewecke’s role at PC World / IDG included helping to develop overall internet strategies for PC World where he started and evaluating new ventures, and managing major internet partnerships. He served as Director of Intermix Media Inc., from October 18, 2001 to October 31, 2003. He served as Director of Google Earth. In 1995, he co-created a course for the U.C. Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism entitled “Journalism and the New Media,“ which he co–taught until 1998. Mr. Gewecke graduated from Harvard University in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, in Social Studies, with his senior thesis on the political impact of the Internet and the effect of network morphology on the distribution of social power within online systems.
As Pandora’s Founder, I started the popular personalized radio service in 2000 with the Music Genome Project. In addition to Pandora, I am an award-winning composer and accomplished musician with 20 years of experience in the music industry – spanning production, audio engineering, film scoring and live performance. Trained as a jazz pianist, my musical background spans such genres as rock, blues, jazz and classical music.
Tom Rogers is Executive Chairman of WinView. WinView operates at the intersection of TV sports, social media, gaming and mobility, and with 29 patents, is the leading player in the application of games in which viewers can engage while simultaneously watching live TV sports. About his role at WinView, Front Office Sports has said that, “Before TiVo, there was CNBC. Behind both was Tom Rogers. Now growing a new company, WinView, where he sits as Executive Chairman, he is on a path to continue innovating within the media landscape.”
Tony D. Bartel served the Chief Operating Officer of GameStop Corp. and GameStop Deutschland GmbH from January 2015 to 2018. Mr. Bartel has over 20 years of experience in the consumer products industry, including 14 years in the restaurant industry. He served as the President of GameStop Corp. from June 2010 to January 2015 and also served as its Executive Vice President of Merchandising &amp; Marketing from March 2007 to June 2010 and Senior Vice President of International  Finance from 2005 to 2007. He joined GameStop Corp. in 2005. He served for NCH Corporation for two years and Pizza Hut, Inc. for 14 years, serving management positions including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Strategic Planning and Vice President of Field Finance. Mr. Bartel joined GameStop from NCH Corporation where he was the Chief Administrative Officer from May 2003 to May 2005. From 1989 to May 2003, he held various positions with PepsiCo and Yum Brands, Inc. including Operational Finance, Strategic Planning, Controller and eventually the Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo / Yum Brands / Pizza Hut. He began his career with KPMG LLP, where he served for three years as a Tax Specialist. He has experience in marketing and strategy for multi-unit retail and restaurant brands, including marketing and strategic planning. His background in finance, tax and accounting and provided the Board with valuable perspective on strategic initiatives, financial oversight and stewardship of capital. He served as a Director of PlayJam Ltd. since March 2012. He has been an Independent Director of Sonic Corp. since January 16, 2014. He serves as a Member of the Board of Directors for Simply Mac. Mr. Bartel is a Certified Public Accountant.
Vivian Luisa Schiller is the former president and CEO of National Public Radio, and former head of news and journalism partnerships at Twitter. She is also the former senior vice president and chief digital officer for NBC News, including oversight of NBCNews.com
Throughout my career, which began in 1995 post my law school years, I’ve focused virtually entirely on the needs of musical artists, producers and writers in the recording and entertainment industries. As an associate at Rudolph &amp; Beer, LLP, followed by years as partner (and, later, of counsel) at Davis Shapiro &amp; Lewit, LLP, I provided counsel for my clients on countless business dealings ranging from traditional recording agreements to complicated and lucrative touring, branding, sponsorship, endorsement and merchandising deals. Currently as Head of Label and Artist Relations at YouTube, a position which includes new business development in content/programming as well as live music initiatives, I’ve pivoted into a non-legal role with the same basic mission, to support musicians with a goal to enhance discovery and impact the trajectory of global fan community and awareness. In the constant progression of the music industry, artists remain at the vital core of what we do.
Ynon Kreiz has been a Director of Warner Music Group Corp. since May 9, 2015. He serves as a Director and Chief Executive Officer of Mattel, Inc. since June 13, 2017 and April 26, 2018 respectively. He serves as Executive Chairman of the Board of Mattel, Inc. since May 17, 2018. Mr. Kreiz served as an Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Maker Studios, Inc. since March 2012 until January 11, 2016. Mr. Kreiz was a General Partner of Balderton  Capital III, L.P. and Balderton Capital II, L.P. Mr. Kreiz was a founder of Bullion International Ltd. He served as General Partner at the London Office of Benchmark Capital. He joined Benchmark Capital in January 2005. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Endemol Nederland B.V. since April, 2012. He served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Management Board of Endemol Group B.V. (June 2008 – June 2011). He served as Chief Executive Officer of Standard Media Index until April 2012. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Kreiz served as General Partner at Balderton Capital and Balderton CapitalL.P. From 1996 to 2002, he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Jetix Europe (Fox Kids Europe) which he co-founded in October 1996. He was at FKE until December 2002. However, Mr. Kreiz remained affiliated with the Saban Capital Group. Mr. Kreiz was Investment Partner at Benchmark Capital (Balderton Capital). Mr. Kreiz has more than 20 years of experience as a leader, operator and investor in the media and entertainment industry.   He holds Board seats at Daylife, ESPN America (also known as NASN), Player X, Ltd. and Ricall Limited. He served as a Director of Saban Capital Group, Inc. He served as a Director of North American Sports Network Ltd. Mr. Kreiz served as a Director of Setanta Sport Holdings Limited (also known as Setanta Sport) since October 2005 and The Codemasters Software Company Limited. He served as Supervisory Board of ProSiebenSat1. Media AG from October 25, 2004 to March 06, 2007. He has been Director of Standard Media Index since June 2013. He served as Director of GreenRoad Technologies, Inc. (also known as Drive Diagnostics). Under his leadership, Fox Kids Europe became one of the fastest growing pay-TV channels in Europe and the Middle East, broadcasting in 56 countries in 17 languages. He has been Chairman of the Board, Showmax since March 2017, Board of Advisors, Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA since April 2015 and Chairman of Board of Trustees, Israeli Olympic Committee, London Games (2012). He was Chairman of the Board of Cortica Inc. (2012 – 2014). He received a B.A. in Economics and Management in 1991 from the Tel Aviv University and an M.B.A. from UCLA’s Anderson School of Management in 1993.
Brandon Nelson is the founder and CEO of PerDiem, a platform that allows anyone to invest in artists, start their own record label, and build their brand in music. Prior to PerDiem, Brandon worked at Red Bull where he helped build out their presence in music and entertainment. While at Red Bull, he worked on the development and global integration of Red Bull Records. Helping to launch the careers of AWOLNATION (10X platinum) and many others. He continued to integrate Red Bull Music into events including the X-Games and Ultra Music Festival, and internal projects including Red Bull Racing Formula One, Red Bull Sound Select, Red Bull X-Fighters, and the New York Red Bulls. As well as activations with Red Bull Media House, Red Bull TV, and Red Bull Mobile across North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia . In addition to PerDiem, Brandon started a tech accelerator that has launched companies in sustainability, healthcare, and focuses heavily on the development of Artificial Intelligence.
Dae Bogan is the Co-founder &amp; CEO of TuneRegistry, a music and rights metadata management platform with streamlined registrations to music rights organizations and data services, and the Founder &amp; Chief Researcher of Royalty Claim, an online database of unclaimed royalties and music licenses powered by the Royalty Claim Initiative. Dae also engages in the music industry as an Innovation Fellow at the UCLA Center for Music Innovation, a member of Berklee College of Music’s Open Music Initiative, a member of the Music Industry Research Association, a member of the Recording Academy (The GRAMMYs) Advocacy, a member of the Music Business Association, the organizer of the SoCal Music Industry Professionals, and a SXSW Music Mentor. Dae holds a B.A. in Sociology from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and an M.A. in Music Industry Administration from California State University, Northridge (CSUN).
Floris Bauer is Co-Founder and President of Gunpowder &amp; Sky, an award-winning independent global studio, dedicated to creating, marketing and distributing video content unrestricted by form, genre or platform. Gunpowder &amp; Sky collaborates with both emerging and established talent to generate premium video content ranging from 90-second to 90-minute stories on all platforms. With in-house development, production, marketing and distribution capabilities, the company operates as a full 360-studio and oversees a library of over 1500 titles. Prior to founding Gunpowder &amp; Sky, Bauer spent more than nine years at Endemol Group, a global leader in entertainment (Big Brother, Deal or No Deal, Fear Factor, Wipeout, Extreme Makeover: Home Edition, Peaky Blinders,Black Mirror, Mr. Bean). Part of Endemol Group’s management team and international board, he was ultimately responsible for global strategy and M&amp;A across divisions, including TV/film production, distribution, FTA/Pay TV channels, digital video and gaming. During his time at Endemol, he grew its global presence, instigating and overseeing numerous new territory and business launches, as well as completing over 40 acquisitions, investments and exits in 15+ countries. Prior to that, Bauer served as a lawyer and worked in private equity. Bauer currently sits on the Board of Cut and Shareability, as well as on the Advisory Board of White Rabbit Films. Bauer received his Masters degree in Law from Erasmus University Rotterdam, and lived in the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom before moving to the United States.
Jake Beaumont-Nesbitt advises The International Music Managers Forum (IMMF) on copyright and new business models. IMMF is an organisation that brings together artist and artist representative associations from 50 countries, for networking, sharing, and discussion of trading terms and opportunities for artists. Jake focuses on structural concerns in the music industry including metadata issues, usage data opportunities, and B2B innovation. He has a background in financial markets, and has managed chart topping Dutch artists and signed a UK band to a US indie label, and is helping a rapper release independently in India.. He manages a composer and works as a business adviser to artists. At Acme Rights Jake works as an IP adviser for a selection of artists and music copyrights, and is working on digital innovation projects to improve digital offers for artists.
Jeff Anderson has been a senior executive with the Game Show Network since 2013. He currently serves as the Senior Vice President and General Manager of its highly successful Bingo Studio. Prior to that, he was the company’s CSO where he oversaw it’s commercial and strategic partnerships. Before GSN, Mr. Anderson served as Senior Vice President of Social Games at Majesco Entertainment, founder and CEO of Quick Hit, Inc., President and CEO of Turbine, VP and Executive in Charge of Production at EA, and more. Mr. Anderson has a strong background in game design, product management, and business development. He holds a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from University of Illinois in 1989, and a J.D. from University of Chicago Law School in 1992. Interestingly, he also enjoys sewing.
Jeff Schneider is currently President and Chief Financial Officer at Royalty Exchange, an online marketplace for buying and selling royalties. Jeff left the world of corporate accounting to pursue an entrepreneurial career, and has since been a part of several multi-million dollar start ups. With a personal interest in royalty investing, Jeff manages the Royalty Exchange mission, oversees staff, and works directly with both investors and rightsholders to ensure their needs are met. He has an MBA from Purdue University with a focus on finance, and has taught undergraduate and graduate level courses in both accounting and computer science.
As Managing Partner for Skybound Entertainment, Jon is focused on new businesses initiatives for the company.He has an extensive knowledge of emerging technologies and the confluence of content. He co-founded Skybound’s interactive division which developed and produced the company’s highly successful games including: Scopely’s The Walking Dead: Road to Survival and Overkill’s The Walking Dead. In addition to his guiding role at Skybound, Jon is a Venture Partner at Greycroft Partners. Greycroft is a venture capital investment company focused on high tech and innovative business startups. In this capacity he is an advisor to several startups and a board member of the largest children’s participatory philanthropy program in the US. Previously, Jon served as board member and CEO for two portfolio companies of Jerusalem Venture Partners in videogames and online video. He was a Founder, Chairman and CEO of Foundation 9 Entertainment, the largest independent videogame developer in the world with 11 studios and 1000 employees, ultimately selling the company in 2006. Jon started his career at a boutique investment bank focused on US-Asia strategic deals. Goldman attended Harvard and graduated magna cum laude in Asian Studies, Phi Beta Kappa, as well as the University of Kyoto and an entrepreneurial management program at UCLA Anderson School.
As one of the most powerful dealmakers in music today, Julie Swidler brings a rare depth of insight and acumen to her role as executive vice president of business affairs and general counsel for Sony Music Entertainment. Repeatedly featured on Billboard’s Women in Music and Power 100 lists, Swidler has been the only Label Executive (and first woman) to receive the Grammy Foundation’s ELI Service Award (in 2016) given to music attorneys for advancing and supporting the music community through service. Swidler oversees the company’s legal, business affairs, and governmental matters on a global level, yet approaches all decision-making with a careful dedication to helping the music industry and its artists to flourish and thrive over the long term. Since becoming Head of Business Affairs and General Counsel at Sony Music in 2008, Swidler has advised the company’s labels and operating units on everything from strategic digital negotiations and strategy, artist contracts to litigation, and joint venture operations. Building off her instinctive savvy with a passion for mastering the latest issues affecting the music world, she’s played a central role in such major undertakings as Sony Music’s 2013 acquisition of Ultra (a dance label whose roster includes OMI and Steve Aoki) and in the launch of Astronauts Wanted: No Experience Necessary (a millennial-focused content brand and joint venture with former MTV Networks CEO Judy McGrath). Swidler also spent several months in 2015 heading up Sony Music Nashville (the company’s country music branch) as it was transitioning between leadership. With nearly three decades of experience in the industry, Swidler considers her lifelong love of music to be a guiding force throughout her career. The Long Island native’s earliest music memories include snagging a UK edition of The Beatles’ Rubber Soul from her father after an overseas business trip, and while studying political science at Union College she both DJ-ed for the school’s radio station and ran the campus coffeehouse, where she booked live entertainment. After earning her law degree from New York City’s Cardozo Law School, Swidler worked as a litigation associate in two New York law firms and served as operations counsel for J. Walter Thompson advertising agency, then kicked off her career in the music business by becoming a senior attorney for PolyGram Records. Eventually rising to Senior Vice President Business &amp; Legal Affairs/Mercury Records during her time at PolyGram — where her personal highlights included serving as lead lawyer for Woodstock ’94 and joining Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash onstage at the festival — Swidler left the company in 1999 to work for Clive Davis as head of business and legal affairs for Arista Records. The following year, she joined Davis and other Arista executives in launching J Records, a joint venture with BMG that had, among its first major releases, the multi-platinum-selling, Grammy Award-winning debut album from Alicia Keys. That endeavor ultimately led to the label’s merging with RCA Records to form the RCA Music Group, where Swidler held the position of Executive Vice President of Business and Legal Affairs. Through the years, Swidler has navigated an ever-changing industry by matching her shrewdness with an unwavering sensitivity to artist issues, a quality she regards as deeply rooted in her love for music. That sense of understanding also extends to her charity work, including her involvement in Rwanda’s Agahozo-Shalom Youth Village (a residential community home to those orphaned during and after the 1994 genocide) and in the UJA-Federation of New York’s Music for Youth initiative. A mother of three, Swidler also serves on the board of the T.J. Martell Foundation, which funds innovative medical research focused on finding cures for leukemia, cancer, and AIDS and in 2004 named Swidler a foundation honoree at its annual Family Day celebration. In addition, Swidler never forgot how her college experience allowed her to expand her love of music and was recently elected to her alma mater Union College’s Board of Trustees.
In 2014, Lars joined Pandora to build a team that would leverage the platform’s scale and unique technology to create new opportunity and value for artists, labels and the entire music ecosystem. Combining its powerful artist marketing tools and hundreds of promotional programs — from intimate underplay events to nationwide livestreams – Pandora has empowered thousands of artists, managers, labels, promoters and agents to build audience, increase their streaming and sales, and sell tickets. Pandora has collaborated on these programs and tools with artists as diverse as Jack White, Jason Derulo, Fall Out Boy, Tim McGraw, Mumford &amp; Sons, MIgos, The Rolling Stones, Odesza, 5 Seconds of Summer, Miranda Lambert, Halsey, and countless developing and breakthrough artists. In 2017, his focus is on strategic partnerships and program development aimed at unlocking even more value for the music industry.
Michael Abitbol is currently Senior Vice President, Business &amp; Legal Affairs, Digital, for Sony/ATV Music Publishing. In this role, Michael is involved in all aspects of Sony/ATV Music Publishing’s digital business, which includes drafting and negotiating license agreements with digital services for the exploitation of Sony/ATV’s catalog of compositions in various digital formats. Michael is also involved in various current issues related to public performance rights and Section 115 rate setting proceedings. Prior to joining Sony/ATV, Michael worked at EMI Music Publishing for five years overseeing digital matters. Prior to working at EMI, Michael was an associate at Davis &amp; Gilbert LLP for seven years, where he drafted and negotiated various entertainment and advertising-related agreements, including ringtone agreements, management agreements, talent agreements and agency-client agreements. At Davis &amp; Gilbert, Michael also advised clients with respect to intellectual property-related issues, including copyright, trademark and rights of privacy and publicity. Prior to practicing law, Michael worked for 21st Century Artists, a music management company based in New York City, where he handled the day-to-day management of various music groups including Maxi Priest, Third World and Big Mountain, and where he oversaw all aspects of the production of various live tours. After leaving 21st Century Artists, Michael began his own management company, King’s Flavour Management, through which he managed bands for 3 years. Michael has also been a drummer in several bands, and he was a DJ for the George Washington University student-run radio station for 4 years during college. Michael graduated cum laude and received his JD from Touro College, Jacob D. Fuchsberg Law Center and graduated from George Washington University with a BA in Philosophy. He lives with his wife and daughter in New York City and enjoys playing ice hockey whenever a rink or any other frozen body of water is close by.
Michael S. Simon is the President of Rumblefish and CEO of the Harry Fox Agency LLC, premier music rights management organizations, which are subsidiaries of SESAC Holdings, Inc. Previously, Simon was HFA’s Senior Vice President of Business Affairs, General Counsel and Chief Strategic Officer. Since joining HFA in 2001, Simon has directed and expanded the company’s traditional mechanical licensing business by creating its Rumblefish rights management service (formerly known as Slingshot) which provides customized, outsourced solutions for music distributors and rights holders. His team has developed groundbreaking licensing arrangements for online music and music video services, ringtones, lyrics, guitar tablature, background music, digital jukeboxes and other new media opportunities. Before joining HFA, Simon was the Executive Vice President of Business Affairs and General Counsel of Razorfish, Inc. and President of Razorfish Studios. At Razorfish, Inc., he guided the company’s growth over five years from a private company of 18 people to a public company of over 2,000 employees. At Razorfish Studios, he was responsible for managing the creative development, business affairs and investor relations associated with the Studio’s recordings, motion picture productions, web sites, magazines, television programs, art &amp; photography books and entertainment merchandise. Prior to Razorfish, he founded Simon Ventures, a recording artist management and consulting company, whose roster included such major label acts as the Honeydogs and the Gigolo Aunts alongside several independent recording artists. Before that, Simon was Senior Director of Legal Affairs at PolyGram Records. He also served as an associate in the entertainment and intellectual property law practice of Levine Thall Plotkin &amp; Menin and the corporate, litigation and entertainment practice of Rubin Baum Levin Constant &amp; Friedman. Simon received his Juris Doctor from the Columbia University School of Law and his Bachelor of the Arts, magna cum laude, from Amherst College.
Paul is the SVP/Content Director at Digitas Studios, leading content development and partnership efforts for DigitaLBi’s New York office. The Digitas Studios group works with internal resources and a vast network of partners to identify insights that will lead to strong, narrative-driven content for brands – and then they help make that content. Network partners include publishers, media networks, production companies, publishing platforms, influencer networks, journalists, and talent agencies. Prior to DigitasLBi, Paul spent five years at KBS (formerly Kirshenbaum, Bond, Senecal), where he helped develop their content marketing practice.
Peter Phillips is an accomplished digital and media sector leader with strong management experience from high-profile brands and startups. Most recently he served as Executive Vice President &amp; General Manager of Interactive &amp; Distribution at Marvel Entertainment. In this role Peter oversaw three distinct business units: its New York-based digital media division, which drives growth through the creation and management of web, app and social media experiences; its Los Angeles-based distribution group, which creates opportunity via the distribution of TV, film and original video content across a spectrum of physical and digital platforms; and its Los Angeles-based video games unit, which generates financial return and brand expansion through the development of multi-platform gaming franchises including mobile, console, PC and emerging technologies such as AR/VR. Mr. Phillips’ previous roles include Senior Vice President of the online division at Weight Watchers International, Vice President of Product Development at Fandango and multiple marketing roles at Paramount Pictures. As Senior Vice President at Weight Watchers International, Inc., he was responsible for the continued growth and development of the company’s $200M+ online division. As Vice President of Product Development at Fandango, Inc., he led the strategic planning, development, and ongoing management of all product-related initiatives and was part of the executive team that led the sale of the company to Comcast Interactive Media in 2007. Mr. Phillips started his career at Paramount Pictures and worked in a variety of marketing roles. Mr. Phillips has mentored numerous startups, his accolades include numerous Webby Awards and he is a member of the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences. He received his BA in Psychology, Magna Cum Laude from Rice University and his MBA from UCLA Anderson School of Management.
Randy Shaffer is Senior Director of Xbox for Oath (a Verizon company) where he connects brands withhighly-engaged audiences across Xbox 360, Xbox One, Xbox LIVE, Xbox on Windows. In his role, Shaffer has served some of the biggest brands in the auto, entertainment and game publishing industries including Toyota, Disney, Activision / Blizzard, Electronic Arts (EA), Hulu, and Netflix. To promote Disney’s TRON movie, Shaffer helped Disney develop the world’s first Kinect-enabled advertisement. His work also includes campaigns for such prominent brands as Lexus, Honda, KIA, Nissan, Hyundai, Nike, Ubisoft, Sega, T-Mobile, Microsoft, Sony Pictures, Fox, Paramount, Lionsgate, and Procter &amp; Gamble. In addition to his passion for work, Shaffer is a gaming enthusiast with more than 61,000 Xbox achievements. His 6 year old son is a Rocket League Master level. Prior to Oath, Shaffer worked for Microsoft and advertising agencies Foote Cone Belding, RPA, Starcom Media Vest Group (SMG) / Play, a Denuo Company. A native of southern California, Shaffer holds a BA in Advertising Account Management from Chapman University in Orange County. When he is not working, Shaffer enjoys spending time with his son, playing video games or road cycling.
Rebecca Glashow is the Head of Worldwide Distribution at AwesomenessTV, a leading multi-platform media company serving the global Gen Z audience. Rebecca Glashow is responsible for overseeing distribution deals for Awesomeness digital content, AwesomenessTV series and Awesomeness Films on all platforms worldwide. She joined Awesomeness in May 2016. Prior to joining Awesomeness, Rebecca was the Senior Vice President, Digital Distribution &amp; Partnerships for Discovery Communications, where she oversaw the strategy, development and execution of Discovery’s digital media distribution business. She led the company’s digital video strategy and negotiations across all platforms (including TVE, VOD, EST and mobile) and played an essential role in expanding Discovery Communications’ digital video business worldwide. Rebecca joined Discovery as Vice President, Digital Media Distribution, where she oversaw the distribution of Discovery Mobile as well as broadband and iTV programming on digital platforms. Before Discovery, Glashow was Director, Video-on-Demand and Interactive Television, Content Acquisitions for Comcast Cable Communications, where she negotiated new media license agreements, built content strategy, spearheaded new product initiatives and developed ad sales opportunities with Comcast Spotlight. She played an integral role in expanding Comcast’s video-on-demand content offerings, securing the first movie VOD deal with Disney and launching a pioneering initiative with IFC Films that offered movies on-demand the same day they premiered in theaters. Among her numerous industry honors and accolades, Glashow has been recognized as one of Multichannel News’ “Wonder Women,” “Women to Watch” and “40 Under 40,” as well as being named to CableFAX’s “Digital Hot List,” “20 to Watch: Rising Stars in Cable” and “Sales Executive of the Year” honors. She also serves on the Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) Board of Directors. Glashow holds a bachelor’s degree from Brown University. She is based at Awesomeness’ offices in New York.
Sun focuses on Digital Media &amp; Internet and Media Growth companies. Her experience of more than 20 years in investment banking includes corporate finance coverage of Media (cable and entertainment), Digital Media, Internet and Software companies at Oppenheimer, Deutsche Bank, Lehman Brothers and J.P. Morgan. Sun also has experience in Equity Research at Lehman Brothers. She has completed over $38 billion in public (IPOs and follow-ons) and private equity, equity-linked and debt financings and M&amp;A transactions. She received B.A. degrees in Economics and International Studies at Macalester College in St. Paul, MN and an M.B.A. of Finance from Columbia Business School in New York.
